# Enlightenment, meditation and superpower - east and west

Intro / summary not from time of writing this: as a child, perhaps I talked a lot about being personally creative, creating the zen or balance of personal awareness, motivation and abilities, but it’s also yang for you.

In reality, you want to wobble through yin and yang, not calling them “negotions” and “positions”, avoiding the first, but rather looking for good wave pattern of “position” and “negation”, waving through functions aligned like sinus and cosinus, and the “conus” in the middle, rather still and keeping the right position - the actual truth each time of now, as you neglect the coordinate axe (R) and the coordinate (T).

In Laegna, you really count the coordinates, for example dimensionality might be 3, but it also takes only one matrix to U-space where you just need to create one irrational relation, and then you have to see you also have 3 distinct dimensions mapping to simple numeric axes; when talking about real number dimensions, which are rather trivial, there are 3.

There are many questions, why we address wavelengths to form several dimensions; in chakras, number axes of infinities of frequencies, even in 3 dimensions forming an object with dimensionality three in R^3 system, where you don’t need 3 numbers or abstract data dimensions; in yin and yang you see 0 and infinity frequency, and while brain is complex, long and evolving patterns of acceleration, which would grasp meanings, create reality-checked associations with science, experience and consistent use of imagination - these three together forming a “mental trick of magic”, where magic often terms the mental world, but through cognitive source of coordinates coming from your illusions, which are turned into cognitions and imaginations, visions and fears about the reality as you utilize experience inside and experiment or logic based on physically-connected experiences. Indeed, of the machine screen you have only your vision experience, and you can find complete logic in the world based on experiences - even more, you have natural structures you can form or analyze in your brain, and capability to grow so many nerves and integrate so many areas of brain (at least intellectual effort to solve the upper 3 chakra problems) and where the spinal chord forms the lower chakras, where higher parts relate more to interrelated, intellectual structures, and lower parts connect to our connection with material world with it’s repeated and trivial patterns - like family, where faces change and concrete primitive stories uniquely differ, but the paradigms of ethics, sex, children, repeat materially so trivially that one might not need an advanced AI to label every pattern; where the society would change on accelerated axe and this is rather intellectual, where even materialist vision of your result, or such performance of your actual results that material would explain them better, would not grasp the reality of many changing results; where, definitely for long time we see just families coming and going, probably still eating and doing shit but definitely processing energy, unity and love, and continuating our tradition of consciousness activity in matter, where extrasensory part is either formed of intellectual work and effort, or the reality still forms synchronized flows, where magic would use any means possible, from complex fractal patterns to actual quantum effects or normal things math would *need* and even *simulate* on potential field, as evolution would just fake the superposition if it does not find the direct physical condition of it; in one way or another to understand it’s surviving patterns and strenghtening things we would call correct frequencies for each thing, or oscillations of patterns of material atoms, molecules and subatomic particles or frequency components and positions in context, where even moving or shifting would mean something. Math is hard without frequencies, because if nothing else, then logical patterns would frequently repeat, even in accelerating frames of events.

You have several dimensions in frequency realm, where there are also class(Pythagorean or something of his time) kind of theories like ARITHMETIC THEORY OF HARMONIC NUMBERS which in some forms definitely finds a lot from simply small-number multiplications of oscillation frequencies carrying more evolutionary power in the vibrational complex of them, and sound then much purer; where human would intuitively know truth about the chaos of non-harmonic features. Same chakra is sensing all the harmonic features, but as you shift or live in some shifting or constant acceleration function of shifting, you see activity outside the area of chakras, directly seeing how the number becomes bigger than infinity; once the position becomes static, the multidimension still maps this to known 7 chakras, and from the nature of physical world like having octaves and somehow inspiring for even 12 tones as good-enough to form balanced structures of meaningful sound.

Really, where fourier transform would definitely add additional dimension in mathematical realm, and the question whether physics or brain-structural detection and evolution would be enlightened to see such, or have this sudden enlightenment for synesthestia be complete, to be made more realistic through experience-experiment feedback loops and recalibrating the communication, necessity to not flow some fantasies like schizophrenic. Each person lives in different world, but while language use has our unique tone and accent, reflecting our own unique position somehow, even country we come from, we need to communicate based on shared system; where each person has different coordinates and moves on this, you don’t think correctly if your specific, one-time move, even if in very exciting direction of more vivid life (and life itself equals magic, it’s what we enjoy about it - so if the other love is material, our love is magic; but maybe he got used to his love in material world and found out, of all different loves it still follows the basic presumptions of love, even if synchronicity, coming even from prevision and logical unification, would remove many tensions of non-syncronocity or non-synchronous, even contradicting results, and evolution or harmonic and destructive frequencies on good and bad energy scale; indeed each move up is magical, we feel new life force and indeed, the effects of intellectuality, creativity, better understanding and prevision, more realistic dreams and fantasies or their more realistic translations, sources in our subconscious, which is doing at least some reality check with them). In past, it’s like the same theory of physics, or thermodynamics, which made us non-realistic, but if we check again it’s still the same theory and when it holds in your reality, you have to increment some numbers in terms of power or performance; for example in civilization we still move much more favourably to each other, synchronized by powerful forces and rules, which form the reality; we are not just spiritual or atheist, but the language sounds strange and not scientific if it does not involve both types of persons - so in word synchronicity, in our meaningful dreams and pictures, we don’t know which force is doing it but we can meditate and contemplate, focus and analyze our experiences and shared models of external world; where your interior world and even shifts of experience are the flesh of your language, you can sing, but in balance of elements so that they together form zero in the middle you on straight way and not too impressing with the excitement but thinking; really maybe that other materialist is just having vivid experience from birth, and learnt the whole science in relation of both his and your numbers, correctly, to correlate the external world which has at least some consistency where we change; we would not see anybody saying it’s already so different from yesterday, and then eventually they shift in opposite directions and suddenly we attract; but then, the tone of voice should not insult with complete ignorance, that you both should see a woman and one should not be too definite that it’s “angel not human”. But I like to see, some girls with blue eyes and specific tone are fairies, just because they are the type described historically, and given that name for good reasons - we cannot deny a fundamental basis of classification, is rather free.

Now look the fourier: you see dimension, where sound appears 2d or the 3d world appears 4d; this is dimension but it’s not rather one dimension with symmetrical, same-directional numbers of equal size; rather, different areas form so different proportions that now we call the fields different dimensions; they are kind of parallel. Information has also frequencies, for example of logic, where operations repeat in different frequencies trying to form even number combinations to understand anything as number, not just field of uncertanty; well the physics of reality is not also unhappy with fields of uncertanties - solving them is rather a common practice than unknown thing to fear and escape; we see rather cause and effect floating.

If we look at sub-zero numbers, or even so much smaller that they close another infinity into closing a curve; maybe quantum effects as well would come from linear reasons, and the thing would appear more like solid matter than deterministic field with mathematics of Laegna?

# Enlightenment, meditation and superpower - east and west

[in Spiritual Awakening](https://www.kundalinicollective.org/forum-1/spiritual-awakening)

I want to compare the western and eastern enlightenment. The western superpower is the *reason*, and the eastern superpower is the *mindfulness*. It was hard to find a word for the eastern, so maybe you can find some better, but I have to describe the conceptions.

**Enlightenment**, in the east, is a personal process, and enlightened individuals creatively create the developing relations. They use positive logic, envisioning the positive goals and progressing further with them. Enlightenment, in the west, is a collective process, where there are revolutions of science, democracy, and other high values. In east, the individuals accumulate better and better karma, and this influences the collective slowly. In the west, the collective achieves the karmic machine, which controls the people to accumulate good karma; the west solves karmic process by regulations and rules. Democracy and science guarantees that people in general have better karma, even if they do nothing personal to achieve that - police and the doctors would simply fix the karma of a criminal, and taxes would make all the people help the poor somehow.

In the process of wars, all different nations have won some wars in history, but lately the west have been spreading it's political system - and it has strong carmic accumulation to win the wars. We can see the western enlightenment is very strong, because a weak karma can not win the political process so easily. Where in the east, everybody has to be very enlightenment to form a good collective, in the west, collective is very enlightened and the members are guided in the karmic process, so that their collective karma works out. Karma is behind the superpowers, and a Buddhist karma of individual development can not so easily form a governing process.

**Meditation**, in the east, you become observers of your mind - in the west, you observe the intellectual reason. After the meditations of Descartes, you have very high level of critical intellectualism. Intellectual is able to build a machine of the collective thought.

**Superpowers**, in the east, you achieve superpowers personally - then, you can have some contact with aliens, you reach psychic powers etc. In the west, largest civilized units such as, lately, Soviet Union and United States, reach the high civilized levels and there are said to be a superpower. This superpower is constantly seen as expressing contacts with aliens, psychic powers hidden somewhere in it's corridors, and other things associated with very high levels of accumulation of good karma. No single person represents those superpowers, but you can find over and over that they must exist somewhere, somehow, and that the karma collectively accumulated creates this collective effect of having superpowers somewhere. Somewhere in the government of a superpower, there is something, which deeply understands you, with supernatural abilities; you can sense that - it's more powerful, than the individual governors, and more stable than your current government, an entity made up of tradition.

I have found out the western enlightenment is very powerful, and the east and the west learn from each others constantly. The west intellectualizes the eastern thought, and the east is becoming more mindful about the western intellectual pursuits. I think in the future, we need to become enlightened in the collective and personal level. Who is completely eastern, appears potentially mad or dangerous, when they do not go through the collective enlightenment; who is enlightened only on the collective level, becomes simply a part of the machine, and weak thereof. In the magic of words, we often see the words independently appear to point to different conceptions with similar-sounding words - then we can see the underlying principle is the same, almost by accident.

We can see spiritual people are not easily in government, science, etc., with all their goals and dream; they practice their enlightenment alone - a politician might say they personally believe in such things, but those are not to participiate in their work. Who is only collectively enlightened, becomes gray and part of a mass on personal level, extremely boring person. We need to work hard to become enlightened on personal and collective level, and most of us carry the western enlightenment in our blood and family culture, so we should keep this development. When we can connect this yin and yang - eastern, personal yang and collective yin; western, personal yin and collective yang; those should be made rotating like circles. We need to build both collective and personal karma, so that the superpowers would form on all levels to heal us.

Christian Paradise is a machine, which collectively generates the good karma - you want or not, but being part of the western system, you are not allowed to have very bad karma, and system as a whole accumulates this paradise effect. Buddhist heavens are more individual, as you reach higher and help the others, you do not bring it to earth necessarily - Christ saying that you bring heaven to earth, meant that it becomes available for common people. The christian enlightenmen, like the western one, is collective, so it builds a system and you are intellectual having a little part in this, working hard on your own cog. When we are not serious about the Christian powers, our Buddhism is not very strong - individual enlightenment can only help, but when we manage both of them, we are decent persons on the path for something deeper. Why are the enlightened spiritual people not active in governments, business, and medical system so much? Because those are effects of collectively enlightened systems, and not exactly what we are reaching with our enlightenment; the deep force behind the superpowers might understand us deeply - but without going through meditations of Descartes, all the revolutions of west, and without understanding their deep, collective meaning, in their machines, we are partial. We are archaic people to be destroyed in the modern war, monkeys in the city.