# Ethics in Scientific Discussions

The scientific discussions are seen extremely ethical - in the process, nobody is said to be hurt, and after the discussion, the open and shared, absolutely ethical framework of science of humankind is a little bit stronger. Scientists are said to not do any wars at all, and nobody is never hurt in scientific process.

What to say if such conception as "debunking" has been grown out from scientific discussions? Debunking is a very direct attack, which destroys someone socially, financially and politically with something, which is seen to be same kind of neutral scientific argumentation. The ethical society of sciences is seen to be grown in similar ways. But the people are in state, which is comparable to death in modern society - their constitutional rights are not so easily met any more.

What is the evolution from scientific discussions to debunking? I think debunking, when it also supports psychiatry - who lost the battle of debunking, can be seen as mad -, is equal to war; there are some public cases, but then more and more cases are added silently.

The arguments used by "skeptics" in "scientific debates", and the overall feeling that only their science is science, where everybody involved has some sciences ..they often do not understand and ignore even very primitive arguments, which can be seen simply by thinking deeply about religious topics. They see dangers, which are avoided by modern approach to religiosity or spiritualism.

Such scientific debates do not end in the point, where both sides are listened, arguments have testified and as a result of debate, both sides understand their arguments better and leave each others as better friends.

Rather, the scientific arguments of such kind resemble the war, where people lose their important life qualities and opportunities. I think here, the ethics appears in scientific debate - you can see people fighting, and you see some of them winning and other losing; we need to use ethics to understand, how strongly the science has beaten the people, and is this even legal.

In the theory of paradigms, we can find out that different competing viewpoints can exist to the same topic, and where they have contradictions in between, both are reasonably strong models. Two "correct" theories can have contradictions, this is my belief - and they grow stronger by resolving those, but they do not grow, when there is a battle for victory and defeat. This is a violent kind of a science. Later, when the arguments have been passed, where the winner "might" not even understand the argument of the "loser" properly, some viewpoints are established as social and psychiatric norm, where you are almost permitted to even argue your points - you can see that if the argumenter on your side would have been stronger, they would have reached further. Often, the "science", which has won the argument, has nothing to do with more decent science, which takes spiritual arguments more seriously, but the "science" consists simply on what some people can see with their plain senses, empirically, without using any advanced theory - they can verify the theories of Newton, some of the Galilei, etc., but they have not much to do with more decent philosophical and empirical sciences as well; and they are making bold statements about the mind and how the people, who are not out of their senses, would experience the world and make statements about it. The statements cannot be very deeply philosophical - I do not understand, how, when and where these people so silently and secretly won their scientific argument ..there used to be open discussions between those branches of world-views, and nobody has won those arguments so completely to simply state that the other side has to be mad or a liar? I think the modern science has rather became more open about the topics, and the science, which is being attributed, has somehow silently "borrowed" from some older, more straightforwardly material sciences.

We used to have many religious, thinking, philosophical freedoms - it's hard to say, what these new "scientific methods" do with those freedoms, and they have never openly discussed that they want to threaten those. Those freedoms should be the very strength of civilization itself, providing us with neutral sciences, where all the different viewpoints have been considered.

So, when there are multiple paradigms, those can be good models of world, but contradict - you can live based on different models, but when you look at their results directly, they do not fit. Such kind of paradigms can learn from each others, and they can have wars. There, you need ethics instead of science - some paradigms never die, there seem to always be materialists and spiritualists, for example, and they can provide each others with new discoveries, but they can also fight the wars. We should look these debates with sense of ethics, and we have to see, where people have been hurt; not only, whether the specific argument is true or more true, than another. When people have been hurt, we can see that something important about the science - it's violenceless nature - is not there, and we should consider the situation from viewpoint of living in the same world, not from the viewpoint of who wins and who loses the war. The loser, more often than not, has their good models and can sometimes reach information, which is important to someone, and when the two models are better integrated, the resulting model is stronger - no matter, which one of the integrated models used to be better. When there is a conflict and someone has been hurt, we should use ethics and not only the science, to reason about the situation, the ethics that all the different people should fit into this society. This is the ethics of equal rights.

# Getting debunked

Spiritual people need to create a whole culture. You might have higher chakras more open than the ones you use for coping in the material world - once you open your root chakra, you are better with the materials than someone, who had it open when they were born; but if you don't do it - the materialistic people will get you debunked.

What means debunked:

- You bring a good spiritual argument, but your words are somewhat distracted when you touch logical arguments. Very often, the spiritual models are mathematically very consistent - but if you are weak in math, you speak in a way that they do their work, but there seem to be mathematical inconsistencies.
- You live a good life, but you are weakly connected with material world. Then, your spirituality look like wasting your time or creating unrealistic goals - and this is an argument, which gets you debunked, materially; as people do not trust your material activities, those get blocked. When the material world is blocked, it blocks also your spiritual world - you don't have the environment, food, etc., to organize your spiritual union and really have time and space with all these people.
- Being debunked in a mass: many people originally from academic world or work life, once they raised their material awareness, got kicked out. There are material walls around this - we need to unify the spiritual people from all races, nations and religions, to gain together the minority, which is more enlightened, and join them to *culture*. Personal awakening is half of the story - the other half is cultural awakening, which also involves all chakras from material to the spiritual planes.

In the material world, spiritual things you do often do not get paid.

What we need:

- Meditate over material world alone, and learn the 5 elements of Buddhism (or elements of any other system). Meditate over it's material structure: the officials and city space provide you with material infrastructure; the tastes, rooms, spaces, environments - you need to get a specific feeling about them; work hard to make this a *material* meditation, not *social* - on material level you want the things, objects, smells and tastes specifically; this has nothing to do with your relations with people who pay salaries, taxes, or bring you these things - your energy-magnet needs to be materially attributed. Create good karma with the material world; which appears as personally material - the objects and environments - and socially material - the people, like officials, who do the repetitious work and appear as your material condition - you need to have a materially strong shield about those things.
- Create a *culture*. Spiritual people need to unite many like them, to get the following: logically and philosophically reasoned spiritual view, this is called science; the officials, companies, work environments, so that a spiritual people can access everything. The structures to produce food, computers, etc., which fit our spiritual views - for example, if you make computers with love, you probably won't affect the ecosystem and get better material karma; in case you only avoid harming the ecosystem, you really cannot benefit from this - there are many ways you harm the ecosystem, which you rather feel with your material heart, than thinking alone.

This is the material world - we need to cover all aspects of life, otherwise we are being debunked as a spiritual society. This means building a culture - people, who can cover all aspects of life in a spiritually awakened world; from material work to science, and this science would be taught to spiritual people so that they won't make stupid mistakes. About material world - people made such mistakes centuries ago, later they become educated; spiritual sciences progress slower in coherence of thinking and material attributes, and they lack this energy it gets. Also we need to break the walls of government offices and create new companies, so that we do not lack the material support - this is all material, as the attribute of government infrastructure or companies is to stay there and provide you with processes of material qualities - the quality that in office, you get your papers done, is not spiritual (like a party or music festival) but it's material quality of life itself, being stable and following the rules without thinking much. Matter is the same - stable and not thinking much, so a material object always gets the same work done. This is a material chakra of society itself, and operates like material element - once you get this open, you probably happen to meet a better officials in your life, and they have different views on you, also because you get your material thing done.

# Language shift

There is an effect of enlightenment, either spiritual or mentally growing; either ESP or equivalent brains effect a, where class(a) = class(Synesthesia); class being the mathematical class similar to programming and class(a) means the class where a belongs, it’s unique type. The type or class is defined as having the effect of complex oscillations, distinct numbers forming things in brain frequency, crown and mind’s eye, and in language (crown - pehaps at top of brain, there is final generalization of information; mind’s eye is an area, where class a objects meet both vision or sensory nerves and complex, either intellectual or otherwise extrasensory perceptions meet the sensory frequencies, which differ from normal colors and like in photoshop, add synesthetic frequencies - perhaps, any case of such occurrence could be vaguely called synesthesia, thus the probability wave oscillations meeting around this circle of definitions makes it wobbling, and you don’t know whether it’s evolutionary phase of unconsciousness, primitive story wave of unrelated and long conscious stories, thinking wave of strategic planning of the solution, or creative / biological wave of simply living the implied patterns without giving them any serious meaning, as the lowest frequencies are irrational in this process, where they properly relate many probabilities of events while they happen and the past changing when you assign them different meanings, infinitely you do it directly or indirectly, even by having them unnoticed). While easterns would say enlightenment is in life force, world of experiences; westerners would say it’s in how our nerves integrate, and through effects of class(a).

Consciousness shift is more general case than enlightenment - not necessarily reasoned / solved as decision or wov of a kind, which holds as long as the reason is there; in consciousness shift you might lose your clearer consciousness, or just float in area of conscious interpretations of similar value and worth. Red shift happens with language, like in interference laser patterns, which would not synchronize the position of where it points when objects move, the language remains static in relation to inner coordinate axe, where the outer coordinates it’s pointing as well do change.

Schisophrenic effect appears: when using notions about outside objects, the relative sensory and extrasensory (in my language use, intellectual is form of extrasensory perceptions, as the senses are not directly involved where you process the data by thoughts and imaginations or creative appearances of solutions and inspirational artworks) language framework remains static to inner coordinates, which are transformed to other positions, but for events from this, they are not aligned to external conditions, which remain near the same position for many people, and even closest friends might not be so flexible to express it somehow on your coordinate systems. Starting from birth or seeding, where we start from random position and psychogenetical makeup or character and nature of experience, every person is randomly changing directions to different perceptional modes, for example directly related to current conditions, memories and expected outcomes or feared accidents and losses. Where our minds eye can look in different directions, work on different patterns and lose track where it does not concentrate; and it has special, unique abilities to us, our genetic family or class, an actual nature or type repeated through families like fractals, showing similar traits in very different races, for example, even species - some lion is more like one person, by expression, unique traits and emotions from their looks and moves and glimpses of messages in their eyes; where some royal blood might have been told to be able to talk with animals, maybe some primitive spiritual or religious messages as well, such as love or tantric love - then, it’s like grand church, and such blood, family or unique ability is respected deeply, overcoming the borders of humanity otherwise turning the human big picture into Island of Rich.

Thus, point the laser: language has external, more assertively expressed relations, where car is still car, and still the same color, whether your sensations of blue and violet get crazyly vivid; it’s a little bit out of mind to express, how this should emotionally uplift your friend or worse, your boss. It does not excite and in the actual reality, you should use the same words about the colors, and not alchemical terminology like calling the violet just “gold” or saying it’s turned into “stone of philosophers”, the violet stone on the table, and radiating something magical.

Well, you have some expressions left: you can say the violent tones are currently inspiring you, and where you express your magic - basically all of it, any informed person could understand you are *living* the violet, perhaps even envisioning innovative people to have violet glow of mystical dimension - synesthesia is rather well-documented case of this kind of favourable, realistic impressions, where pattern appears as color, and color looks like red, but you still don’t miss one and another red; if you are crazy, you could connect them too much.

Frequencies near zero are our real colors; if, in sensory areas, comes pattern or inspirational, “spiritually spiral-like” flash or light or energy (or good energy, as I term the life-supporting frequencies), inspirational pattern, with it’s enlightened targets of inspiration forming a wave, is by various means - by association, typical color coding for atheist and materialist who don’t envision, but still want to color code even their imaginations and arrive to the same world with some different attributings.

But correctly, based on frequencies, interference pattern moves laser pointer along with interference acceleration function or the oscilloscope of acceleration, the oscillations of two laser wave forms, which easily turn into their numeric counterpart and “almost physically” move the pointer. Our minds, when they shift the alignment of inner and outer perceptions, must properly balance all the relations, which oscillate through the inner and outer perceptions of the language; where we express the inner axes rather hypothetically, imaginatively or privately, and when we explain this shift - as our own story; and we properly align the objective external layers of language and reality with subjective inner axes and enlightenments, where abstract patterns, which are hard to see and harder to count or understand their fields, turn into colors and appear as perceptions. The intellectual process creates so much connections between your favorite science theory and reality, with all tricks and scientific magic involved, black art counts haha, that you suddenly imagine the layer on reality every single moment; grasping some aspects of theory in practice is not your detective or police work, but you become a superhero in your past class, an enlightened being in society.