# On illegality of the Populus

I see a lot of things, which we can not do, because they would influence the gray masses of the humanity. Democracy was carefully chosen to avoid the King to do evil - but on it's own, it has no more rights than the King had. We valuate the single person, and even if the nation could be more legal leader than a person, maybe in the most general sense, it does still not have any additional rights unless they come from the correctness of exercising such rights. A nation, which is dictating a bad law, can not have the legality of bigger hitting the weaker.

There was once a story of a bad, fake God born as human leading people to murders; the person was executed. Whether he was true or a fake God, I leave this question to Heavens, which can stand for themselves, but when I studied this in school, it was explained that the masses have some psychological problem to become mad when they attribute the title of God to someone. This God of madness is not properly attributed, and it's not cured, but it's seen as an attribute of being human and forming the masses of humans, then. As a God could travel in Space and Time, it's natural that we see many Gods born, even at the same time - I don't see any contradiction in One, omnipresent God being in many times and places at the same time. There are lesser gods, not the infinity, but close to it, or angels and other Heavenly entities - some of them might be Gods of old, archaic times, and it's natural to have wars against their power and presence. Odin cannot lead us to eat the people (I am of Viking blood, but I see this contrast between the past and the future, so I make such jokes).

What I want to attribute is the human gold rush about people with mental powers. They want to do "science", prove, disprove and debunk, and they cannot do this calmly, addressing the human rights. Madness of humans is to expect something powerful and undeniable, which would cure all their sickness, poverty and death. Magic is not going to break the conservation laws of matter and energy, or the connection between work and reward. Many practicioners of it, they are happy if their forces have any effect at all. People say we have to give something great to science, but we do not - as our karma gets better, the world gets slightly more miraculous and we see some probabilities becoming better. We must measure those good effects very calmly, and measure people based on the same, practical results - for example, for a person claiming to be a sensitive, we must not behave like very poor with a man looking rich, going crazy and non-human, but we must only measure the real outcomes in people-related work and activities, and give everybody scores, which are measured equally. People, who give some special credit and treatment for those, who do it in mystical ways, are not welcome, but they are breaking the rights of others. We must take our own siddhis and those of others for what they are - for good karma, we get more abilities to exercise good karma. Karma itself is very direct, it consists of food, understanding, housing, building the bridges etc. Panic and crazy talk about ultimate test are not welcome. If people, once they hear of some powers, create the waves of mass crazyness, we might cure the person claiming the powers or having the effects, but it needs to be very clear that the criminals are the masses and their democracy, and a person, who ignorantly demonstrated their psychic powers, is only a victim of this gold rush.