# Hallucinogenic materialist street fighters

Update: I wanted to show, in physical appearance the problem of materialist mentality - the thing that they cannot concentrate on practical thing (in this case, the ability to pass them easily and follow the rules, not jumping on somebody); but they want to see something “impossible” - when it’s impossible it does not exist, and if it’s possible you probably need to check some of the classical physics theories again and it would seem suddenly trivial, once you even notice what it might be. Trivial thing I mention is that by thermodynamic law I am still an energy system, in ecosystem of energy systems energy system itself, and the laws of effort, consciousness and intelligence matter, and if I move in the way which works, then still while I see the surroundings correctly, it’s not always a vivid and exact picture, but collection of sensations, which simply allows me to move correctly - it might be sound, movement, air pressure or whatever; for balanced mind meditating on experience of dimensions and content of experiences, even in the realm of material sensations, suddenly there is just enough information from all sources, real-time in brain, even creating visual effects in directions which are blind, or effects on non-related and harmonic channels, separate dimensions of information, how the same senses would appear in direction I look at. Sometimes it’s painful that suddenly I don’t understand whether I look at the other direction, or perhaps it’s a right angle - but I’m practical person and learning the angles is fine enough; it’s also an instinct when I get tired or fear I don’t have all the information - I look, indeed, in direction where I lack it. The experience is united, made by evolution and experience even without knowing the reality behind, and it gets as vivid as light, the light of mind even materialist would connect with a light bulb; but with some senses we tend to connect people with light and darkness, being then sensitive at least in black and white, enough to see some contrasts between being and not being. I naturally move to have enough information but to utilize less and less standard sources of it; I don’t believe into something unnatural, and impossible is impossible, and rather you need the physics formulaes quite useful even if you see a new thing - it rather takes time for you; it’s not *so* necessary to impress people with it; rather it becomes common and it becomes strange to use your new, mystical world - mystical, it’s only unknown, and of course new color layer in photoshop, where for example color is not 3d but contains one little 4d effect, which is not so nice and simple math for computer and it’s screen, in our “past time” it does not exist (in my Laegna language, word “past” is normal to use for things, which are going to change, as it’s really shame to talk this to humans when they read it in their first day at new center in the middle of Andromeda; I mean in the future). If suddenly you see a screen with this color, you would use different name for a standard Rose, and it appears like in reality, you get a new impression - but rather, it’s still rose, and the object on the picture is definitely the same. Your language should contain, how you moved the pointer to look into reality from your new position, because while the world is same for us from different positions, really different surroundings appear and form this world into infinity, or infinity of possible circles around Earth to travel - yes but it’s tone, singing, poetic associations inwards; it’s the inner alchemy you should talk rather in alchemy lesson than reality of everyday life, where the shifts could have some typical scenarios and be shared; normally, to form a language in some context, you don’t want to speak in Russian if everybody understands just English; maybe if half of the group is too much better in Russian you explain just one thing in it. Indeed in my fathers family events I was the only one to not speak Russian, and while everybody spoke Estonian with me, they were still more comfortable not to sync everything. But the hard, heavy objects - while magic affects them through design, and really when the same conception evolves in time motocycle is motocycle and car is car, despite the same need utilizing the same components for more or less the same result; so you might want to change something, like saying “wonderful” in place you just took it as normal or where you did not reach, you might say “impossible” but this is effect of growth of potential field; and even for spiritual magic expression - some atheist might have equally vivid intellectual picture and speed in turning it into imagination, even habit, and this habit suddenly also becomes so smooth, constant and without effort, that they open one of the additional eyes. Measuring how much, just use equal coordinates with this materialist even about your abilities; for example a good coordinate - while none of you is perfect, do you find a lost girl for serious critical effort or a card in a cardpack for fun; this ability matters and you should not impress or say it in your own terms; but try it, don’t promise, and slowly make up the experience. Don’t expect other to be materialist or spiritual to find the lost girl - human unique experience is of sensations, experiences and the will, and the cycle is always there, even similar in appearance; what is behind it, it’s a complex question but also somewhat irrelevant. We have good senses to see if somebody is happy, and to see the truth behind happyness - whether it’s cold or hot, even when it’s changing very fast the temperature need, or whether it’s right to eat or to die without reason; indeed, very primitive explanations would make us prefer eating and avoid the other even over this.

I now have some evidence about how a materialist behaves on streets, seeing something spiritual. Some atheists can be easily identified, because they talk every moment as if they are protecting their family and real estate with a gun - voice like one of the famous stereotype of Serif of Texas, often in movies, always looking the same way. In general, they will have a hallucination of a materialist world. These are the people, with who I can discuss food and work (I also use quantities, empirical methods for such things), but not so much the philosophy, because they have specific predetermined arguments in cases of philosophy, instead of probabilities like me.

I often or usually walk on streets, walking back - as part of my environment and matter meditation, to sense things on the way and pass them with instincts, not only using the eyes. I sense objects, people, dogs, children and curbs, often at distance from half meters to one meter, but sometimes complex situation with several people two meters apart from me - usually I sense simply what is important.

Usually there is nothing, but with some atheists, they get a little bit angry and tell something like "be aware" or do some sound, typically. They are a little bit aggressive. Often, they do so when I'm passing by in the right direction, or have already passed by. Such people, they imagine that I don't see, and they try to have their authority. This is a materialist hallucination - situation, which goes well, is measured as going wrong, as my senses are underestimated.

I do not specifically address my exercise as spiritual, because for me, it's the same possible empirical thing - an act of walking on street, using my senses to higher extent. It's not important whether this is hypersensory perception or some magic my brain is able to do with the sound and combination of all the inputs and logic. I have very good senses, which often apply for color of clothes, but I leave the theorem open, not creating a conjecture of magic. If it's a magic, it follows from human senses quite logically. My ability to walk on street this way could be simply followed from my actual doing so. Naturally, it's like simple exercise of running or walking the dog, which I cannot do inside with this randomization element. I need long ways and random people and objects to train this.

I have done this for more than year, in the beginning I did not see curbs and some long objects in hands of people, but I learnt them in one or two cases of running onto something. On the road, I look for cars with my eyes, because it's more or less in the traffic rules. Lately, I have become fast and very free in this. Sometimes I sense people in front of me, sometimes I have a short vision of what is behind - I'm not so much into science to check that I don't know some of those places, not really interesting -, and often I sense 6 people two meters from me to sense something like an obstacle curve.

I don't like the police and atheists. Police, because in Barcelona, policemen with automatic rifles can take very tense poses when I happen to turn half meters before, and they can stand in random place, so I try hard to turn away before two meters of police. One policeman said me "you scared me", which sounds dangerous. Other group of people dangerous for such exercise are the atheists, who kind of don't believe their eyes, or the implication you would do sensing someone does this with thought. The implication is that they are simply following the traffic laws.