# Is this an argument that you cannot do anything?

Update: if the opposite force is so big and you have invisible wall; awakening or enlightenment must be passed by those and after this wall is “dead” or rather “alive” to distinct this state of the negative or an exnegotion.

Argument, which is reason behind many things in the world, is that people or masses are fools - thus, they cannot do anything to what *they* are *doing*. Christ said they are fools and cannot do anything, and the fools were accepted to be fools.

In churches - atheism, christianity, even buddhism (which is not about dogmaticism, as none of them originally were) we see people, who are dogmatic - this means, they learn facts, but never the truths behind facts. Even in one buddhist forum - I could not post, because it was not what he believed; but his beliefs themselves do not contradict to mine so much, rather they were not word-by-word the same. Usually I don't believe such thing so much from a buddhist. But I do believe Catholic church is like that, and if they killed, for example, Hermetics - but, who believe and follow God in much the same way as Catholics are supposed to do. Such dogmatism, tough not killing so much, is as big problem in todays world.

As well, officials, organizations and companies - often they are dogmatic, say, about work processes and atheistic belief; they are not able to do free and creative flow - rather, they have some written beliefs, and subconscious attitudes, which they follow deliberately. This does not matter if you solve the problem creatively, but they have strict rules meant to solve this problem somehow. Financially and by terms of freedom, they are killing people - after big revolutions, they cannot do this so directly, but revolutions did not go as deep as finances, freedoms and wrong accusions or diagnoses; they were really successful, more or less, about the most trivial - that dogmatics don't run on streets and kill people. But, the instinct, which made them do so, are still in effect - for example, if you are kundalini awakened, a businessman can equate that you are not so motivated for mundane things, and thus they won't give you mundane money - which you need for spiritual things.

Society, it's not enlightened - those companies and officies are not somewhere around the corner, or working specifically with fools, who solve their problems the same way, but they form something like corporation - they are a matter of fact in our lives. We can not discriminate, who has power upon us and who not - such discrimination, is, well, a discrimination, they are somehow lower if they do not have power over me - but, still, in such case they would be *higher* (and it's hard to say that he cannot do anything to that - he can do *less*).

I started to feel that this argument *cannot do anything* is so deep inside me, that when I hear that officials can not do anything, even to a matter where I always can, I don't ask *how much* they get *for it*, and *what they actually can do*, and last but not least - if I accept this argument then, me neither, I cannot do anything about many things. Is this a base principle of ethics? Do we never ask, what other people can do about these things, do we always need to accept that they do *everything* if they cannot do *anything*, like controlling our lives without being able to see true creativity, say in people who do not follow the dogma.

And in the end - if they flourish in society - I have my own fears that one day, again, they come to streets and say, remove all the finances from people, who are Kundalini Awakened, for example, or who have freedom of thought in politics - or worse, they *lose* the battle like this and try to attack with weapons.

*Masses*, is one class, who usually *cannot do anything* - they cannot give word, they cannot cure, they cannot support the nature (and here, right intent matters more than any possible standard we can create, as nature is complex and connected to us through our senses and intuition - we rather know when we do not respect the nature, and those things producing carbon oxygen today were seen as evil, intuitively, by many people in the past); the masses cannot also learn from their own mistakes - for example, they don't learn that they are stupid and should not judge - we see, again, a dogmatic with IQ 80 and EQ of similar level, without any clear vision or special abilities, very loudly proclaiming the Truth, and fighting with something, which has the only property that 80% of people see it useful in life.

So is this the ultimate argument that you cannot do anything? We see it everywere - many classes of people, who cannot do anything - and it's usually reasoning that they are not excpected to do *anything at all* (which is even less than anything - for example, they are not excpected to have less argument, who are more fools) and on the other hand, they are *just the same* with other people - for example, an official can work in office, being dogmatic about me. Sometimes they do trivial IQ mistakes, but somehow, *offices work like that* and they have followed some rules of fools - so the *office cannot do anything*. Can we, as humankind, survive, finally, by the fact that we simply could not do anything (as a *mass* - suspressing those, who could do it all, *in their lives*)?