# Metaphysics of a Human, Life and Lifelike Structures

I describe the word "karma" from Buddhism in different systems, which more or less closely resemble or are life.

Let's compare mathematical and physical systems. Ideal mathematical system, which optimizes for better and better solutions, has truth values, where a state of such system can be true, false, more true and more false. Those are logical conditions. It has a loop, where it's searching better conditions. When observed from outside, if it has any direction towards true values, in which case it's a rational system and not BS, we can say that the degree of being true or false is an energy of such system - whatever it produces, we can compare it to energy if this system is ever made.

We find out that physical systems are the miracle of approaching higher energy levels, by which we say it's kind of senseful. It stabilizes towards higher energy states. Energy, as seen in physics and life, has quantitative and qualitative aspects. In quantitative aspect, it's a first degree integral equation or speed - "dead force" would act directly, being either good or bad, and have any effect on anything. When we want to accelerate this, as in second or last degree of an integral equation, we can see that by intelligence and convergence, certain energies cancel out others, so that intelligence, goodness and more energetic physical structures survive.

Waves (of energy) have constructive or descructive interference, producing harmony/resonance and disharmony/dissonance. When we measure energy in waves, constructive resonance amplifies and destructive would fail. Sound resonates with similar objects to it's sender, so that we can see it as hologram carrying 3D information about structures. Dissonant structures emitting sound tire, wear out and crack, whereas resonant ones become more tightly integrated by all physical means. Crystals are simplest physical bodies, which vibrate monotone holograms producing simple light patterns of repetition. This hologram produces mutation of crystals, and such distribution and mutation, accelerating positive and slowing down negative energy, creates some biological qualities of easy life - replication, mutation, and carrying out of better genes. We must see that any mathematical system reaches to form of good and bad energy through it's truth values; all practical systems follow the thermodynamics, where energy would flow from potential field to the system - physical system, once it would pass the nivel for randomness, starts to optimize for energy efficiency.

This way we can see the system mathematically - it either a boolean value or energy efficiency. Laws of karma come from all the mathematical laws, yielding closed positive cycles over negative cycles, and seeing the parts and the whole as being more true, having more energy, as they accelerate the system, helping one another and the whole. Necessarily, optimum level for the system is God, which does not mean so much belief outside the empirical science, but understanding that biologically, God is nothing more than the fact that the whole system is optimizing towards a given direction - it has a Cause, and this is not a matter of biology, whether it has a mind or not; we do not break any numbers from empirical science in philosophy that it either has mind or not, but it definitely resonates with our own, thus containing at least some of it's mind, at least in fragmentation into holographic parts. Our minds can be seen as brains, which can be seen as source of complex vibration or hologram, so with all those vibrations, there will be at least some little degree of harmonic vibrations. Even if at absolute zero temperature, God's mind is surely in the air. If our physical system is safe from breaking from contradiction, and the first laws went into consistent infinite cycle, function for it's machine is equal to an oracle of possible futures.

I see that our body has 7 chakras, but it has consistent range of frequencies. At bottom of legs, there is minus infinity, primitive logic; at root chakra, there is zero, material repetition of human existence, and in tophead, the infinity. Under zero and over infinity there are "outsides of body", towards holy spirit and subatomic particles from bottom, and god and eternity above the head - those repeat at frequencies right at bottom and top, which oscillate those vibrations inside our body. Each frequency is a separate harmonic, reacting with similar frequency, and thus forms a dimension - we use metaphorical fourier transformation to project this dimension. Right is infinity, an oracle, and left is -infinity, intellect working with the past. In front we have the infinity, sensitive emotions, and in back we have the minus zero, protection and army. In the middle we have the straight line going from zero to Kundalini.