# Positivist panic with enlightenment

(explanation - many people see enlightenment, especially Kundalini with dark night of the soul, as something dramatic; where I have experienced all this, where you go through dangers of the world; soft, weak man; but classically we need *a man*, and while cured from this on physical level - a man is needed on spiritual world, not a woman trying to be a man; you need to be a gentleman, fearless, going through the wild; not crying like a child - in spiritual journey, it looks like Jules Verne books once again describe the reality, where people lacking the back bone would fail. Not helping them over realistic views and actual dangers of the world as if those were “negative mind state”, just visualizing goodness and love; rather, go through the experience, but become stronger and stronger, where you might be pressured, but not broken. It’s positivism to cure the “state of mind”, to cure your booleans, where you need to experience the reality having it’s own states and boolean values to measure; escaping the reality is short-term success, followed by cramp of not being able to do a certain move off from your confort zone, where as the cramp is getting bigger - if you don’t do sinus, the sinus comes on it’s own on the first moment, where the thing is critical and suddenly you cannot do your cramp, but you just “release” for a moment, not yourself, but forced; sinus is to let those negative energies appear more early when they are less dangerous, and to be as mindful, blindly, as with the light energy - being realistic, you make actual plans and not illusions, and the cosinus of possible highs is as dangerous as sinus, you should let it come and go like cosinus, but stick with reality; here and now, while in eternity of eternal future and the past)

It's like going to forest with city people. They accidentally jump into water, break the skin of their knee with a tree, see a pig and have to walk between the trees in the dark. Finally, they have so awful experience that they start yelling and crying - all those things happen to me and I reach a deep physical stance, where I am really happy.

I read people here - some of them got a rush of energy and they are really seeking help, because they cannot get rid of this energy. Others, they feel sad and depressed and they really cannot cope this. Yet others lost motivation of work and they are stuck with angry demons just because they are enlightening - people have to solve their problem.

With forests, as I'm Estonian boy and there are a lots of forests, people, who do not come, have a certain name and they are really helped to get rid of any forests when they do not have very specific clothes. I would not call this situation an enlightenment.

For me, enlightenment is not some tourist journey, where you pass a mad lion with a helicopter and then tell others that you really went through a wild adventure.

Normally, in Buddhist countries, you take some steps for enlightenment. You train your mind, get patience, overcome your material troubles and be ready to meet the darkest parts of your subconscious mind you are going to heal. You know that it can last lifetimes, and in terms of easy money, noone is really going to pay you.

I see this childish enlightenment, where people are coming to complain about the darkness of their mind. It's like something tragic happened. When Buddhist, before enlightenment, is trained to control their minds, go calmly through it's deepest states, and be extremely strong in times of having trouble ..I cannot understand, what you are talking about, which kind of Enlightenment? Most people here just need some help from a doctor, most probably a pill, which makes them forget any enlightenment and calms down their minds and lives to something zombie-like, where you really do not feel any pain.

I have to say I'm a Buddhist. I do not seek enlightenment to get some constant flow of joy with no payment. My stance about enlightenment is partially about me, partially about others - the law of karma is not so strong to make me complain, if I do not get paid very fast. I have adventurous mind to go through deep depression, far from any relaxation, peace and joy, but to control enough so that I don't go with my depressions easily to others, but have my space and time for this. I meditate to be quite calm when I go to do the business of others.

I think that it's a paradox that you get anything at all for enlightenment, and it does not simply torture you to death. Heavens are not very much about direct payment for your work, but rather you have to really do it, win yourself and start the life. What you start is not to be cramped and attached to your mental light, but as a monk, you would go through days and nights, helping people on battlefield, and a stupid man might well have more tractors and boats than you do. Possibly, daily life at business is far more pleasurable than yours. There is a sacrifice, you constantly give away earthly pleasures and allow things to depress you, which you normally would avoid to look - you might be depressed of poverty, crimes or governments.

Doctors say you are sick when you do not feel good. It depends on your attitude - I say there is a deeper "pleasure", the one that you accept the pains and pleasures of life and do not want to gather the blissed, stupid state. I really do not give you anything for enlightenment, and noone does - if you want to get paid, go to somewhere else. It's absolute positivism to measure life for existence of good and lack of bad things - we are on complex journey, and we see many fallen people to make us vulnerable.