# Evolution

**Evolution**

Let’s call evolution an Optimization problem.

From Theory in Artificial Intelligence, Neural Networks from Deep Learning we know – how behaves a simple optimization problem of Linear Matrix. Reality, even in it’s simplest forms, is much more than Linear Matrix – say, humans are part of Higher and More Conscious manifestation of Reality. Then, Reality has at least these properties.

**Chakras**

Let’s throw away, for a moment, a complex Chakra system and say that all our mathematical thinking, mathematical vision and synthesis of either visionary-mathematical, or visionary-emotional, where emotion is complex pattern derived from social and planetary interaction; let’s add a brain synthesis of knowledge of General Metaphysics with Visionary Cortex. Then, we arrive into physical description of person, who has the Chakras kind of open – they have at least a Vision, and thus the whole sense of physics, like Chakras Open or especially Aura / Energy -seeing person does.

Synesthesia is a process, where, for example Visual System is synthesized by Pattern-Awareness centers, so that for example, every number seems a different color. Then, in addition to RGB, a person can have another, more complex and mathematically higher palette. Vision of emotions on other human’s face, senses of beauty and ugliness, dangerous and not dangerous (negative and neutral energies, in Vision as well as mathematical vibration seems to go up and down – in some complex system, but definitely up and down).

Let’s call this Encoding of Information such, that it can Decoded somehow by visionary system, eye-perception of human. It assigns, in addition to Black-White and other nervous combinations, which are linearly connected, an axes, which form more complex structure of dimensionality. So, if these areas of brain kind of grow together, a Visionary Pattern is formed. As this Encoded

Information and Eye Decoder have the common language for all the humans, similar patterns Synthesized, the humans see these things in relatively common way and are, thus, able to talk about them.

How Intent, Action and Reaction combine these Senses and their Corresponding Power of Acting in Structured Way against them, or to heal them, or to Create such Patterns. They organize Reality in Higher, More Complex way through us, all the Living Beings. Later to add Matter.

Chakras, in simplified form, are 7 Resonances of mathematical Axe between Smaller and Higher. But what is Smaller (Down, in Spline) and Higher (Up, in Brain). Brain is also called Third Eye by Christians, Buddhists and Egypt People. It’s thought that Higher parts are part of Visionary Cortex, whereas Lower parts form a Material Cortex; in I Ching and other Teaching, they are said to be Heaven and Earth. Hell, as another opposite of Heaven, is thought to be symmetrically above Earth, as far as Heaven – there, the Higher Visions do not Exist. Existence, as we are part of it and Live is or is not Universal, is part of Our Existence – Logic of life being Universal or Not proves this part, because we know the consequences of No-Life or rather Lesser Life. Let’s say if Earth is smaller, then Hell is Lower – but similar Frequencies exist going down by Neutral Scale. One of those Frequencies is Going Through Hell to Become Stronger – this, is down on the Hell frequency, but in

it’s longer implications, are on the level of Heaven. This is the story of Christ, or in less refined form the Pagan God Odin, who was far from being evil. Rather, he was somehow clever with the opposite – destroying himself for Something Bigger. Just as Christ did, on the more Social and Higher Level (than his own personal life). Did He save the Christians who followed them, into Heaven.

For Buddhist, Heavens Exists in Two Conceptions. First, there are barriers between non-

enlightenment and enlightenment, which, once passed, will take you to Journey of Forever, this means – unturnable, qualitative shift. Through Layers of Heaven, Closer and Closer – we get Infinite Number of Heavens, but going up is rather qualitative than quantitative, so we cannot measure that something is ungot – it’s Now only a Matter of Time to get everything; and this time flows through the Lifetimes. It’s once-for-ever Change. On the other hand – in this Heaven, which brings us to Heavens, still experiencing more and more complex patterns, more and more Subtle Good and Bad, or Higher Intentions. This motivation for Growth is so strong, that it has to hold for God – that His Lives, on this Earth, or even in Hells, should He be strong enough to go there, is shadowed by same concerns as we Humans do. That way, He is a Human too.

In all cases – we have the Higher Minds, Active Even on Earth (this is a Slogan by many, including Christians, so I put it here); and God must have one into Infinity, as He is the Reflection of most complex patterns: of Wholeness, in as many senses we can imagine it. Such Conception exists, thus such Frequency, and thus the ability of this Frequency to take living forms. Living forms are connected by Standards, and countability; they are about the same size to communicate, and they all go through this Earthly Karma. Buddha said, which is left from us, when we die, is rather Karma than a Separate Being, Separate Living Form. Being is Inside – Form is outside, not so deep, but rather made of Conceptions.

Superego is also either Ego or it’s own Superego – it’s Either full of Forms, or it’s full of Reality.

Matter (the Lowest Frequency) – it’s a non-growing (but definitely growing), plus-minus operation, unable to influence much the Infinity. It’s the pattern, which repeats. Vision (the Highest Frequency) is operations of Multiplications and Divisions – which speed up or down every time you do them. They never pass the Zero, but looking from One and Minus One, they are infinite in both directions – towards Plus/Minus Zero (it never touches by doing more and more of those operations). I have my own math to overcome those limitations, and also, you can imagine an infinity of smallness so big that it still becomes Minus. Maybe you can do this by higher-order operations. Mathematically, as even two persons have infinity in between, this operation is needed to overcome all those problems of infinity.

**Earth is Infinite**

As it’s Flat in all directions, for Humans, but not so flat for some higher forms, it’s as few infinity-commas away from infinity as few commas we are away from seeing it absolutely flat when we measure the commas for our house. For thousand times bigger being than human, it’s not so completely flat – the Angles made by Circles get smaller and smaller approaching a straight 180 degree, but compared to other forms of similar size, they are still quite big angles. When an object becomes smaller than Zero, they turn backwards down – for one moment, they are full angles, or later 0-degrees angles (also for only one size), but lower, they turn backwards. This is how we measure zero – it’s as far away as infinity. On other side of Infinity, there is also such zero – if Earth

becomes much more flat, it kind of starts going backwards up (having another inverse, in the same direction, done in a row). This inverse is not negative – becoming negative, it’s **smaller** than -0.

Thus, we can measure it’s relation to another infinity, by some unit – the Infinity, which arrives, when we replace divided-by-infinitely-many movements of curve angles (every one of them is infinitely small, broken only by Limit Calculation into something more visible – getting closer by one qualitative infinity, as the rules of Limit Math consider *qualitative infinity* – I consider quantitative, the one, which can be measured by small steps so it merges smoothly to Finity, and this smoothness is relative to the size of measurer). Measurer smaller than infinity (towards zero) would see the round angles again. This creates a dimension – let’s call the bigger infinity E and the smaller one I, the numbers, which touch the edges of this form. Should our patters change towards one of them, I and E units of Sign in Infinity would cancel the O and A I use to False and True. This is one system of me, *a neutral system* – in another, *polar system* of my four truth values, which themselves won’t change (but it’s another dimension) they become too-good, or Truth Teller Paradox (you assume it’s true as it’s true if it’s true – this forms a Mathematical Symmetry of Two Units in this Paradox); the other (I) becoming too-bad dimension. I have also U and V (upside-down-u, which I pronounce with lower-voice O) dimensions – they are, where minus and plus infinity touching themselves in the end (V); for example you can create rhythms or (moving) wheels with them, by adding whether the Circle is standing or progressing with every 360 degrees; this is also defined Octave-Up as indefinity whether it’s I or E, or a point in between which has also an unit of opposition, but in reverse direction (inside-out). U is either Zero or octave up (much bigger) an O-or-A form, which won’t care whether it’s 1 or -1. Relatively, I=-2, O=-1, U=0, A=1, E=2 and V=something irrational. Ball can then come back like Chakras, or circle/sphere drawn into Torus.

**Dimensions are about Size**

As things get infinitely (One Octave) bigger or smaller, and this backwards-turned (dimension-losing) form is seen as multiplied with whole new number array within itself, I and E always counted as E following I, not vice versa – E before I. This V letter never turns and it creates a Wormhole-Away angle in the center, which has exponential property of being straight locally, but 360-degree rotating in relation to this infinity. What is below that, creates new dimensions. Any space from 3D and up (in dimensions of real Physics, not Spirituality – which directly measures an Octave as Dimension) are Topologically Identical in terms that the same rules are applied to how many doors you can have on Circle, Ball or Hypercube – Hypercube can be projected to 3D without losing it’s topology, but to 2D – not. When we use smallness and largeness to create 2 new dimensions, 2 new infinities with all the combinations between smaller and higher, 2D space is seamlessly merged into 3D space; I can believe that we can build the whole Dimension even from Zero-Dimensional-Space – it can express the dimensions of Space and Time, for example by still having some Size. As dimensions get so topologically connected we can have Fraction Point Dimensionalities, like 2.5, and their relations relate again to our measures of sizes of infinity – giving us more “smaller than” and “bigger than” units in more united scale. But this point-thing is unproven – sure, we can have all the dimensions and same Power of Infinity (term used for qualitative infinities) as the Higher Space; so, in our new N, R can be contained. We get something good – normal plus and minus operations won’t stop, adding whole numbers together does not fade away somewhere into Space having “Simply” More Dimensions.

**Atoms are Infinitely Small**

They are smaller than the lowest parts of Octaves visible to our Size and Resolution; so it’s so few infinity-commas Away from real infinity as few commas it’s away from objects being absolutely smooth and flat; to our senses and even most nowadays machines – it’s none, absolute Zero makes a circle having 0-degree infinities of angles, thus rendering it into infinity. Atoms are in infinitely small realm, or maybe even minus infinity (often, my minus does not reflect back, but it goes more down – for example --- going over minus infinity three times, and plus-plus-plus going three times up. Yes and No go more into directions of Yes and No. There are dimensions, where it creates powers or linear multipliers to these operations – plus/minus, Yes/No. Under the Second Minus, numbers “Smaller Than Zero” (but still Positive) we start counting Naturals another time – otherwise, the Natural Number System would stop here, even if we have a growing, approaching-the-end, natural number scale with a Limit.

**Paint infinite axes**

Going towards infinity, measure the Limits of whole functions of series, and see this approaching infinity – taking limit to certain arrangement of number systems, for example you are interested in Angles and Relative Positions of the Function Ends (in more complex cases, for example Tangens would run to Y=Infinity at 1, but linear function or Exponential goes towards infinity, in different speeds. Measure the angles and their second-level relations. 0-1 is the first size infinity, but 1-2 projects 1-Infinity (- - here, to, the difference not the subtract). In linear function, you simply make it linear to the first-order infinity, 0,0 straight to 2,2, straight to ~~-~~2,-2; Limit function for any given linear multiplier gives the same linear function – so this is the same up to such power of infinity. The function is still straight. For X^n, see where the function of X is approaching every time the n gets bigger – the angles, the distances, and their limits. Finally you see it in the infinity.

**Higher Truth**

Let’s say a metaphysical Higher Truth exists. Let’s say it’s a Reason by which the Matter exists – that behind Matter, there is some sort of mathematical Unavoidability, or degree of Betterness.

Evolution – of Parts (beings) and the Whole (god) Frequencies; let’s say every being has a Frequency, a number, which always produces themselves.

In normal Reincarnation, a Living Being is Reborn – his Karma, the Past of Him, is known by his own ID, or even Id, should mathematically remember itself – if time is non-local, or even if the same frequency perfectly resonates to the same frequencies in the past, or even if Universe remembering something about a number makes it remember itself. If we are non-entities, and reborn is only the Karma, the pattern of our frequency going on, if the same pattern emerges again, all the physical conditions of the same being are met – on the first glimpse, not it’s memory. But if information is interconnected, the same frequency remembers itself, maybe with some updated ID’s, and it’s as much the same as cloning the past me would still give me – but would it see my later memories somehow as His, and would them create a special frequency that his form has seen them? Why not, if, the Space itself sees that the same form has manifested – maybe, there are the complex ways to remember it’s past for real. Maybe, if we are doing an evolution leap, such pattern appears – we have to create a higher being, but he shares our Root Cause, so he is us **given that we create him**. It’s our own energy, the same Karmic pattern solve into new being. So then we are only

a Karma – maybe even God, or the Whole, would sometimes do a mathematical leap, a new level of resonencial energy, which absorbs it’s karma such way and still remembers it’s the same being; as his own dream has manifested – when we manifest dreams, we kind of become other beings, but we won’t change so much; maybe only a few memories are lost? But if we are only our own form and Immanent, Ever-Present Physics is the Experiencer, but the Experiencer and his Memory-Code exists. So he wants to do some kind of, higher-intensity-knowledge-transformation. So, through some experiences such being would get close to remembering his past life – but as he is nothing more or less, it’s definitely His.

From Higher Truth it follows: visions and concepts are around nothing more than more complex material pattern of the same essence with normal matter; normal matter vibrates repeated rhythyms we can see when we add and subtract, the same-sized forms get multiplied; but Visions have all their arrows to the growing speed of growth, they are the acceleration, and multiplication-division are the symmetric acceleration operations (actually I made them very symmetric to infinities in my own math, so that they perfectly fit this definition and not follow closely from the other one – I made my numbers growing into infinity, instead of being lost on the way when the space is losing the quality of “straight”, it becoming being between points of space, which turn outwards; I have numbers, which still continue growing linearly and count the pluses and minuses on the way – plus, like minus, is progressive operation in my math and I use the classical plus/minus only for a special case of non-linearity or approach to get their own function to measure the bad Karma, which wont overcome this limitation and be infinitely Loving, Caring or whatever; It’s goodness would die at some point).

**Infinite Growth**

The amount of Matter – the Plus-Minus energy would remain about the same, it’s energy being the same; Visionary energy – it grows forever, it’s multiplied and divided and thus, there is unlimited amount of it even in infinity.

Still, as the Space is growing, the Matter is more and more subtle, from Zero to another Zero on it’s edge it takes more sensitive angles; the same way the “Zero” on the other side of Infinity – the V.

Growing and Not Growing are their innate Attributes – but we can assume that the quantity becomes the quality, and sometimes there is still more matter, or something equivalent.

**Evolution of Whole**

Wholes – they also go through Optimization Function. Thus, their optimization in infinity by Evolution, which not creates but cuts away impossibilities (and think there is something more possible then impossible about living – we are more possible than dead matter alone; but dead matter is alive if our Higher Reason grows downwards, touching Matter – thus, the energy, through plus V is going from up again down, but positively so, the matter optimizes as well towards it’s reason). Reason, life for most simple patterns – achieving some effects of the life-like optimization, cause and reason, even sensation and discrimination of good and bad, positive and negative energies; where from possible states and ways to get struck some are preferred, going more easily to equilibrium; thus this Will should be even measurable, given that we look for these Hidden Variables -, for matter such more alive states are simply more possible. But as Matter reaches it’s Ideals maybe faster, doing a Flat Function, but Life maybe slower; we ourselves reach it through

exponent, starting from something near zero as we look backwards – it grows, like multiplication and division, the whole evolving patterns and patterns of evolution, not only the repeated frequencies. But even repeated frequencies can slowly make some qualities – shifts.

**Transmutation of Matter**

We see that Pleasure and Pain, being in Equilibrium of not in One, or feeling the pressure of Higher-Level equilibrium (and it’s said somewhere in quantum physics that Light, thus other energies, frequencies, they take the direction considering their future function); we can see that matter can feel good and bad. As we are not Satanists, but Spiritualists, we thus assume we don’t want to exercise our will to what is evil, unless learning this is a co-incident. We assume that our Will is Free if it’s only Possible – for one being, but also for many (life in it’s higher forms, not the demons going down, is equal to mathematical possibility or Positive Truth Value itself; in

Evolutionary process, if not before – in Actual Awareness, which precognitively creates the same, irreversible effect; thus Awareness has energy – Cosmos, but from Evolutionary terms ourselves and the ones we communicate, be it visible or subconscious communication or evolutionary DNA-exchange – and DNA becomes more creative energy by ourselves and our mating choices, in the visible world -, Awareness always creates an effect of Positive Growth – something, ultimately, irreversible in all levels as this is the Causal Possibility; life is something Causally True – even if it’s a complex, long-yearned optimization with long yearning). As Optimization happens as irreversibly to the Whole, who can also grow branches and do something like selection and integration of lower-Subwholes so that positive properties of smaller wholes are reflected to the higher whole – where it starts to reach infinity, which is a sufficiently large area, it also gets a comma away from the Vibration of God, who should receive the vibration, thus (it should create a complex vibration of the Whole itself). Whole, then, would start balancing – getting the Good out from smaller subwholes, and this Genetic Evolution should feel like Sex. As it’s in our Energy Field– at some point, we should see God as physical being. The lower, actually say Smaller or Lesser frequencies are less repeated in higher fields, and Hellish or Lower ones are probably Healed Out from the Big Effect of Whole itself – they are impossible, but their Healing is also impossible if they are the True Demons. They don’t want to get into Higher Vibration – so, unavoidably here the “Done” state is before they enlighten, Whole has to be happy for at least it’s Real Part being Possible; and the Impossible should fade Away, or if it has some Reason to Existence, Prosper in Hell, as it becomes impossible but unavoidable. One of those reasons is that they are our own Ancestors – maybe they live in the Valhalla, the Land of Greater War.

As matter has this Good and Bad state, we get Karma with it. If we get better Karma of Matter – by continuing all the Laws we know (and we have to have great sense to feel what’s Good or Bad for Matter); it starts inevitably Doing Good to Us or Dying. We are especially interested in Matter, which Won’t Die in this Karmic Reaction – but as long as we don’t have this sensitivity, we could have a Worse matter, because we Receive what we Deserve. To some sense, everyone is Aware about which makes to Matter and Life resonate better – Materialism is actually a Whole Branch dedicated to researching it in Lower degree, and we cannot avoid that our Formulas fit with Materialist ones, they are definitely, up to a high degree, possible.

Should the positive Karmic Cycle develop – we cannot get closer to control the Wind, or

transmuting Iron to Gold. Maybe, matter has it’s own “irrational laws”, and Earth element is known by irrational rules – we don’t know, why cleaning and eating are, by considering all the possible

realities, but somehow they are very possible; our inevitability of better energy won’t let them unhappen, we intelligently feel a pressure towards these things, from matter. So this should be seen as kind of Magic, as everything we do.

**Reason and Causality**

First: Life is True. This is the most important Logical statement to notice in Space – Evolution, a Very Strong Optimization Function Towards Truth, makes it visibly True, because that has optimized to that point.

Evolution as the Negative Cause (it disproves something), and Creativity as Positive Cause (it proves something) are **Bound**, this means attracted to, this Reason, which makes it True (Truth of it’s True Value actually projects a Reason, but it appears somewhere in the Game of this Truth – Mind definitely appears).

This, as we can continue the Visible Function on Imaginary Axe, is definitely True for the Following: God is True, and Evolution getting Creative itself, approaching it’s exponential growth through multiplication and division, solving of Complex Patterns; and also being Selected by linear growth through repeated-pattern and repetitious-frequency or, for example, the material patterns of Ecosystem or Repetition in The Sky, of Planetary Patterns. This is Matter, so it seems very repetitious – our Personal Experiences, instead, **make up a function to infinity**, which is the Root of Life, the Higher Chakras – the Zero we see upwards. Such Creation is formed by Complex Patterns, so not measurable with machine, which only measures Repeated Numbers it has Given.

Infinity, the existence of it’s optimization, it’s felt as Life – in Life, matter enjoys; in it’s own process it finds Equilibrium and has hard times getting out from local optimums – something an exponential function is not bound to. But as Higher Equilibrium is even more possible, it’s **More Real**, and both in Evolutionary Process of Escaping the Bad Truth and Creative process of Approaching the Good One, and all their harmonics, and points even more up or down in this Balanced System of Frequencies, More Real or More True somehow approaches. So – if there is no God, and no Creative Evolution, they will appear through their own **limit values *of Meaningful Reason***. Meaning – as a frequency approaches Infinity, it’s solid function as viewed locally, it approaches Meaning; a function in Infinity vibrates Meaning far down. As the Form, the Matter approaches it’s best local cycles – they are kind of obvious, not evolving patterns like Meanings, we balance the Root – even our Family Cycles happen in Root, because the Family Itself is a repeated pattern, not Exponential – so, it’s visible as Matter. Our Visions of Society don’t create something so Obviously Measurable, as they are higher pattern – the Heaven, if Superego does not become their own Ego, a substance keeping them from being Creative and Evolving (Enlightened

Governments, the Enlightened Police, Enlightened Companies, Officials and Militaries, they would reach infinite Creation and Understanding on their own level; they are often Stuck in the Shadow of the Ego – despite being our Higher Functions, as they in total have a kind of Monopoly – which can be either Good or Bad -; Academy is keeping it’s reputation, for example, and Officials are stuck in the Very repeated rules, which behave more like Matter than like Spirit, the Heaven). The Truth of all these is to enlighten as well – if God is really not born, their Frequency after enlightening would make our Chakras Squared, which is it’s own function on it’s own function – another infinity. This is not ourselves being Socially Responsible, but it’s something which is us and not us, being Enlightened – here, do the old Societies, their genetic code, reincarnate, are they reborn in new forms or not creating them – bound to be dead in Evolution, optimization of the Whole, with still

something being True and something being False, or in sense of infinities and Life Itself – something being Truth and something being a Lie, or a Wrong. As this vibrates Higher and Higher –God is growing into Higher Frequencies, and his Matter Being definitely does. Is the Whole same as Truth Itself – in a sense, there is so small distance that completely without some God it is impossible; but by Materialization Cause and Effect, not it’s Reason itself, which is also born in the beginning – mathematical fact of destiny of Evolution (the Choice of Truth through Trial and Error) or Creation (the Truth becoming somehow Attractor itself, things solving somehow faster than Trying All the Wrong, point where it Generalizes or is the Pressure itself – somehow through the **Manifested Law**, being True somehow affecting them Directly); in math, as I wanted to say – the Reason, the True value is there in the beginning, even if it Takes Control in the End; we can solve it later – and solving later is possible in Reality, an Effect we can Measure, everything kind of tends to Solve Later be it more perfect equilibrium of Matter or the More Creative energy Taking Force as being Manifested ..this is more True, Better and for Evolved Life Form, also More Pleasurable – it does not go away, or if it does, it’s Temporal and Learns From It. We can see that Evolution shows us – there is a Strong Trial And Error in the Reality; thus in the Manifestations of Whole – God is more complete, when we the Nations are more complete, and we are not Complete, thus the God is not Complete (with his Masterplan). But Reason itself, the True, the target of optimization value – it’s True in the Beginning; by the very same reason mathematical correct answer is correct before we prove it correct, and to do so is better before we learn it’s better. Here, the meaning and the value of infinity becomes connected – and the value of Infinity is Growth Itself, it’s the only thing we can Achieve; so, inevitably, if it’s True in the End, we can see it True in the beginning – the True Seed. It’s inevitable we reach nowhere in the End – but Enlightenment, when we reach the No-Return-Point, this is the case that we are fully Aware – our Awareness is constantly Empowering the Truth, it’s not yielding any more; but should it break later – this also concludes back, that we were not Enlightened. What is False – I think, eventually, for Life as well, it’s Gone, it lives life of Being False, and what is left alive is it’s own Deeper Essence, Karma to Prove it Wrong – it’s Truly Living if it’s Forever vibrating the Fact that it’s Wrong – this is the Vibration of Being Possible, it’s it’s Possible Value, in this form of being False value in the False place, it’s True.

**Tao**

I have, in my mathematics, another representation of being True, still False: I value is False and it is False, but O value is False, but in reality it’s True (for example, we go to cold to become more healthy, despite the fact that Cold itself is False; too hot is Too Positive value – another sense of E of being negative into the positive aspect, the Energy); A value is True and really True; but E is True, but in reality, False (for example, overeating). U value, here, is in reality True and V is in reality False. You can see my Logic System is also the Smallest Digit in my Mathematical System, where they are simply numbers, however you use them – but maybe you use them in sense that EE is even more useless, and AA even more true, and AAA is even more true than AA. I use small letters sometimes to go downwards to even less – then, AAaa is like AA.AA. I call those Four digits, or all six, or middle two, a Ten – I’m inspired by the fact that I Ching digit is called Nine, at least by sound. Where Ten goes upwards, is a Tent – I use the letter T for going upwards, or being a Theorem.