# Frequential Analysis of System of Chakras in Buddhism

**Frequential Analysis of System of Chakras in Buddhism**

I have to say that I have seen Buddhist images, where crown chakra is above the head, this means outside of your body – but at the bottom of foot, there is second one outside your body, the root chakra, which grows actual roots under your body. Each of the seven chakras, from down to up, grow the energy bodies of us – from the top, the crown chakra, the energy body of the Heavens, to the bottom, the root chakra, our materialistic world image, including getting children. Making love, then, is the work of higher chakras – invisible, spiritual – and getting children is the material part.

Chakras of those more heavenly bodies are located higher than body on the physical plane. Each body is living on different physical plane, or dimension, or creating this dimension in your mind.

I have numbered those Frequencies in my mathematics, as this is a fundamental range of frequencies.

I use the following number system for frequencies:

- **1** or **i**: the lowest Frequency inside the body, the root chakra. This is frequency of minus infinity.
- **2, 3** or **o, a**: frequencies inside the human body.
- **4** or **e**: the highest frequency inside the body. This is frequency of infinity.
- **5** or **I**: the lower frequency outside the body.
- **6** or **O**: the connection of root chakra inside the body, with itself outside the body – from minus infinity to less than minus infinity, as some numbers become larger than infinity. Root chakra is located at the bottom of your body, legs not considered, because at that distance, the direct center line of the body ends; but the infinity is outside of the body completely, and below your feet – so the roots are below your feet.
- **7** or **A**: the connection of crown chakra inside the body to the crown chakra outside the body.
- **8** or **E**: crown chakra outside the body.
- I use numbers 0 and 9, or U and upside down U, to connect the positive end with the negative end – from plus infinity, you get back to minus infinity, and the numbers start again.
- For all 7 chakras, or more, you might need to use two-digit numbers, for example 11 and 44 for root and crown, and a range of numbers in between placed symmetrically, for other chakras. I use my own number system to denote symmetries between infinities. What you should notice is that, I use I and E for minus and plus infinity, and combine O and A for finite numbers, numbers containing both groups, they connect finite and infinite ranges. 6 and 7, which connect hyperinfinity with infinity, they are also infinite ranges. For small numbers, I and E are numbers going in direction of infinity, and O and A exist in finite range – I always need all those combinations of infinities and finities; I use I or E, when doing something for long-term, and O or A, for things I do in short term, so that when a local value changes in long term, I can use I or E for this. For all 7 chakras, you can use numbers II for root chakra, OA or UU (to signify center, I usually write the smaller number first) for the

middle chakra, EE for crown chakra, and EA, AE down from the crown chakra, and IO, OI up from the root chakra. These numbers denote more or less the frequencies they have.

- The numbers 1-4 are around the Zero-point, which is the current ideal – below that would make pain and above that would be sensed as normal. Number 5-8 are around a moving center in infinity, which grows – under the center of 5 and 8 is the past, which is to become clear; the aspects of past which we do not sense yet; and above that is the pleasure, the things from future, which are yet to become our dreams. This center does not feel as zero point, but as time grows, it slowly flows into the zero, so in future, we get closer and closer to start feeling pain above this point – then it’s already a part of our infinity. At the last points or parts of infinity of now, the numbers become one with that which is larger than infinity – but it’s meaning, causes which produced it, they flow into infinity, also this point radiates it’s fractal outwards, becoming many points in the middle, where the infinity shines through and creates different realities closer to the direct light of infinity.

I have seen crown chakra and root chakra painted outside of body on some pictures, and inside the body at some pictures; I would recall, crown chakra sometimes being several times bigger outside the body than root chakra, it spans farther – but let’s keep a symmetry of numbers.

Number 5 – negatively outside the body – is above the foot, and it symbolizes matter. Sometimes, root chakra itself symbolizes matter and then we use only seven chakras and symbolize them inside the body.

But ankles of our both legs seem to symbolize positive and negative, infinitely small and infinitely large, number of small frequencies, which are connected either to past or future – I imagine the right part of our body is logic associated with past, our theories, whereas the left part is Oracle, our future, associated with our dreams and future visions, also the real oracle abilities should we have them. This goes like two hemisphere of brain – I can always feel that in all my body, right side is particular now, based on the past, and left side reacts based on the future. The front part of my body reacts to emotions, soft values, and the back side of my body reacts to hard values, like self-protection and protection of life values. The ankles signify very local things, whereas the top of the head signifies very global or universal things – for a human, global and universal are closely related, as the society is so big that it already behaves much like infinity. Sure, the ecosystems and their evolution – in perspective of evolution of human ecosystems, Earth is but a cell.

The oracle, the left side of the body – what you see on oracle, it’s from your future, but you want to make decisions based on it; so every time you see something in the future, you react to this knowledge and thus the future would change, the oracle would be wrong. Thus, the oracles can only give you information, which has correlation to your decisions based on oracles, and it must leave those decisions more or less open so that you cannot turn them into lies in reaction of using this information – the oracle, which makes final, true vision, this is deep inside you and you cannot express it or act based on it, because it would disappear. I Ching is a book, which contains oracle – you can use it with coins –, and there the decisions, thus, are interacting visions, in abstract language, and the images of oracle speak in words, which express rather the dynamics of situation, than one single outcome – for example if it would tell you that the outcome is good, maybe you believe this and do nothing, or when it tells you it’s bad, you would put much effort into it and it’s good; this is like a Turing’s paradox. So the oracle can only show you the future in correlation to your activity, not the future itself; so the oracles talk in puzzles or possibilities of action.

So let’s assume that numbers 1 to 4 are on Octave 1, one span of infinity, the Seven Chakras of our body, but 5 to 8 are going larger than infinity direction outwards from infinity, and I call this a second octave, infinities in power of infinities; on that octave, the space is different – for example, as you start counting numbers to infinity, at edge of this infinity the linear number scale ends, as topology of this space is different and does not contain your normal numbers any more; you need to divide it by exponential dimension to get them back into being normal numbers. As you grow bigger than plus infinity, above your head, this body is already a reflection of lower chakras or frequencies of God, Heaver, or higher and more complete whole; and down outside the body there is a reflection of this Matter in your body, which is not exactly you any more, or your family, which is not exactly you – with your mind, you can see the matter down to certain granularity, but completely physical fields downwards - it’s harder to feel it’s you. So I think with this, and with the cell memory and the genes, you connect also by gaining inside about something outside you. I think it’s important concept to visualize the barriers with this. Before the bigger-than-infinity numbers start, there is whole infinity connecting numbers with it. Also, between finite and infinite numbers, there is something like uncertainty in mathematics – you can never say exactly, where the finite ends and infinite starts, as matter of fact these numbers are somewhat left open. Then, you can measure infinities correlated to each others again like concrete numbers. For example, if you make a number axe multidimensional, like from R to R², for example from 1 cm to 1 cm², it gets two infinities multiplied – where from 0 to 1 there are infinitely many numbers, from 0 to 1^2 there are infinitely many numbers times infinitely many numbers (in my own math I square 1 like this – but you can instead use the measure cm² in place of cm to do this operation). Should you put all those numbers, which are in 1 cm², to unit cm, which is one-dimensional, it’s somehow left open, how long this number range is in centimeters – but, then, as you correlate different scales, it’s not left open how much smaller it is from 2cm², projected the same way, dot by dot, to one dimensional cm axe. Between finity and infinity, there is a number axe, which definitely have numbers, but in mathematically fundamental way, it seems that they do not have exact natural numbers showing the size of infinity, they have more like many correlations you can see mathematically true.

At higher chakras come the unity with material world, plants, animals, humans and aliens, also with God or Universal Synchronicity; the theorems which apply to the world as one. I think the parts outside of body – in the upper hand, it’s very hard to meditate over the higher reality, where we are but the cells; on the lower part – material composition of our body also seems to be outside our sphere. So the first infinite sphere, which is chakras from the bottom of our central axe to the top, comes the finite part, which we can relate with quite well – then, the axe from our body is extended to bottom of our legs to connect with bigger-than-infinite; and our separate being, a life form or Creature, it’s itself one infinity large. Then, outside this, at higher-than-infinity and lower-than-minus-infinity frequencies, come the outside our Life as it’s bigger, and outside our Life as it’s smaller – the direct God’s Consciousness, which is unreachable as it’s bigger than us, and the direct material one, which is unreachable because it’s already smaller than minus infinity (I use minus infinity for absolute zero size – if we are of size one, it’s kind of zero, but if human is of size zero, the center, it’s rather minus infinity – there are so many numbers that I don’t want to compare 0 to 1 and 1 to infinity as being the same size, also I believe that there are numbers, which are positive, but less than the first zero we meet). Outside the body – upwards you meet the unity, which does see you as absolute zero, and downwards you meet the granularity of matter, by perspective of which you are absolutely infinite. As your body is sized one infinity, both extremes are extremely hard to perceive and work directly, still they are the space you live in.

The higher frequencies are connected to future, the Vision, and thus outside the body it must connect with absolute, final future – this starts with crown chakra. Outside your body downwards, you connect with absolute, final past – also the most fundamental Karma or Reason of your being. Let’s say the Future is your Cause, and the past is your Reason – Cause, this is the Visionary idea, which turns you to exist, and Reason is the experience, which shapes you. By healing downwards, we must be able to heal our Race, and even downwards the material consequence, which gave birth to us; this is the Past Karma you work with – we might travel through the past wars, the big bang or another aspect of creation, until the trails the very first birth of matter left us; it must contain the pain of how we came into existence, and we clean this, thus creating another, better past for ourselves – what we directly have as a past, is how we resonate with our reason, and as this is cleaned, we heal materially. Upwards outside our body we must meet the Soul Family or the beings we meet in the Future, and everything connected to us through the Vision; here exists the Final Cause, the destiny which gives us the life force. By healing this aspect, we align with the Creation –whereas the roots make us align with Evolution, the Experience –, where the Creation is positive destiny we are here to fulfill, and the Evolution is negative destiny of our past giving us our shape. It never completely reaches, the absolute future – as it always unfolds new, even higher images of future; but metaphysically, there is a point or force signifying the final outcome as seen in infinity; the crown chakra must resonate directly with this – it does not exist as particular point in time, but it resonates as particular limit value of time, and it exists as the last point of infinity, and in fractal, repeated as a last point of over-than-infinity values. Infinity is slowly growing larger, but this last point, the tip of the crown chakra, remains the same. Our reason, it is our past – but it also grows as the energy and thus the number range of us grows; we see more and more hidden reasons, which initially did not resonate in time, but as we see the reality of the past, lack of some reasoning gave it a shape; so looking for more and more infinite perspective, we give new light to the past and see it indeed has more problems; the end point of the past is the same absolute – as infinity grows, the absolute last point remains the same; it opens into a fractal inside the infinity.

The root:

- Connects to past.
- Connects to our material family, family which was.
- Connects to matter, and the repeating cycles of reality.
- Connects to a First Cause.
- Healing this is the Family Bloodline, Cell Memory, Genetic and at lowest level, the Material Healing and transmutation, which are the aspects of reality creating us, but outside our body.

This is depicted as roots under our body, roots with the past. We connect us with the absolute manyness, the pain of unconnected whole, and the Karma of the past.

- It connects to learning from experience.
- It connects to trial and error, mistakes and fixing them, the aspect of reality that it grows from less experience and less truth to more experience and more truth.
- It connects us with evolution and trial and error, or doubt method of science, and bringing light to lesser beings or transcending the lesser aspects of ourselves.

The heart and the solar plexus, lets put an imaginary point between them, which:

- Connects us with the present, with balance and realistic goal we have to set.
- Connects us with measuring our actual energy, and creating a reality where we are not

demanded anything more than we can do.

- Connects us with practical and forgiving view on reality, where we don’t expect the

impossible.

- Connects to learning from which is achievable, learning from practice.
- Connects to learning from current state of affairs, and creating a vision, which can be

achieved by current means and knowledge.

- It connects future and past so that they can flow into each others.

The crown:

- Connects to future.
- Connects to our soul family, family to be.
- Connects to unity, the spiritual, and the growing patterns of reality or it’s unfolding.
- Connects to a Final Dream.
- Healing this is starting to align with the greater vision, opening us to the freedom and

inspiration, co-creation with the radiance flowing from the future; we grow this by growing

our visions and dreams, and getting the image of society, technology, science or a person,

which is not yet realistic. We connect ourselves with an absolute dream, the absolute reality

– the eventual understandings of the Higher Reality being already there, somehow unfolding

us our story to heal us. We connect with United souls from all the races, human and alien;

and with the absolute synchronicity and synergy of matter.

- It connects us with learning from vision, prophecies, sudden understandings of Truth.
- It connects us with science made by seeing the higher, with dreams and visions of the better

future, and learning from theory.

- It connects us with creation and the future’s undeniable magnet, the prophecies and oracles,

and the victory of good over bad, the victory of higher truth and better principle.

- It connects us with reality, which is both under the spell of the past, and under the vision of

the future.

The connected infinities:

- This is the “chakra” of energy flowing directly from crown to the root, and from root to the

crown.

- It connects us with repetition – as we reach the higher scale, it’s also a beginning of

something new, and the energies align with the chakras again; and the experience of those

chakras get new light, new aspects, new vision. We start the process again, but on a higher

level.

- Past and future here, exists at the same time, and they interact with each others – from the

future, things flow back to the past, and the four seasons start from the beginning, but they

have been progressed upwards – when time normally goes further, then here the time flows upwards, the whole reality down to it’s causes becomes better, and our dreams evolve, so that we see it in a new light. Which seemed a fast progress, seems like a routine work; which seemed perfects, seems normal – we see ourselves again in the beginning, starting our journey from the past to the future, but it’s a journey of creature, who went through the evolution leap.

- This upwards-movement is a movement through infinity – the center of the second octave, a zero between 6 and 7 in my number system, moves further; or the second octave flows into the first one – we see the same patterns of starting and growth again, and even the past becomes much larger, so that we have to heal the wounds of becoming into the better future, from the more distant past – we went to the end of our doubt, but now we start them again from even more strict criteria, from the viewpoint of higher qualification; and through this we see again the blocked energy from the past to be released, the new level of lack in our genetic code, and the new unfolding dream of the future, which makes our ideals and visions seem shadowed. The best work, the immortal books, like the work of buddha – in this new light, it gets new meaning, but remains the same word by word; the end of the future – the point in infinity which never moves; it’s the same, but with new meanings as well, we see the new meanings in our future. For example, the word “goodness” is probably still goodness, but when we use that word, we mean something higher; when we use the word “love” we mean something higher, and the older love sometimes feels to take a part away from us.

We see the Cause and the Dream, or the Reason and Cause, they are similar – both give us reason. But the one in the past is the first sin or first mistake we do, starting to learn from experience; but the second one is the light from the future, which immediately touches us and gives it a positive direction, the outcome it wants to achieve. In complete time, logic happens – as things are False, like less alive, as they are more False they tend to break; this is the evolutionary or negative aspect of unbecoming – the negative aspect lives by unbecoming. From future, or even it’s theoretical vision or logical ends, we get the positive force, which becomes. In the present, we get the current balance, which is – the balancing force of us has to cope with here-and-now, the presence, and it does not go into good or bad extreme, but finds the stability of balance; it fights the feelings from future that we are still so weak, and have achieved nothing, which would make us postpone and delay our experience, but this point of achievement of final future never comes, and we die in the way when we don’t live in present; the past, or the material – the matter tends to have DNA, and experience, and the result of causes and effects, all embodying the past; the spirit gets it’s code and the forms it creates – from the future. So at the axe of frequencies, past and future exist. What we can see as ourselves, it gets from the past, where we have many unconnected causes, to the present, where we feel as one complete whole, to the future, where we feel as many have been united. Larger than time is the scale, which gives it a meaning – despite the ultimate future will never be, and the ultimate meaning of the past never exists – in relation to the future we sense more and more karma in the past, which was not directly visible, and we go deeper and deeper into our code we need to heal; as we heal our first cause, it also has the effects on our first past. In future, we get more and more dimension of the past – it’s so old that in past, it did not exist. But the time never began. The numbers, they get more and more material from outside the infinity. Outside time and space there are the ideals, the more perfect worlds; also, the basic structure of our matter, outside the time, shows us the deeper causes, which were not directly felt as pain – as the ideal state

becomes more clear, we see there were causes and effects not visible at this time; the invisible causes. We heal this cause in our body, which relates us to those chains of causes and effects in more positive way, and restores our lost energy. But it can be lost without being lost, in sense that we did not even dream about this ..I think that this creates us the new past, so that in the past we would feel this energy and choose better direction – we see this light in the future and as it works with it’s past, the past itself starts to resonate it better. But the past also exists as conception in the present, the current memory and DNA of our genes and material.

On material plane, elements are depicted in the body around solar plexus, which is Space. Fire, Earth, Air and Water are the elements around it, and this is the chakra mainly connected to feeling oneself as one person – it can be aware of our separate being, in the world of separate beings of others. Heart chakra, right above it, can sense this multiplicity as one unit, one particular direction for everything united, but it still separates the multitude into their personal dimensions, so that each of them gets their particular, personal dimensions – but still, the activity of heart we can see as one; whereas activity of Solar Plexus is for example there if we make decisions about our own life, or about the life of somebody else, or if we sense those lives. Mental Eye or Third Eye – it sees the whole, but not in the matter of Units, but as Topological Patterns of Units. Crown Chakra senses the Reality as One Unit, and separates the possibilities of those different realities, or behaves kind of irrational, seeing as one complete whole the whole solution of our existence. Down, the Sacral Chakra sees feelings, the the feelings operate on humans and objects as whole units, but having qualities of multitudes of those units – mental sensations, and feelings are, here distinct; feeling contains a certain joy or being displeased, or the lack of those two, but the same dimension. Root chakra sees us as we make many into one unit – we see our family and family relationships having many members, in one unit; or we see material world and things around us as many. Body of such chakra, where the higher chakras are bigger than human body, can be smaller than human body – especially if the seven chakras are extended to the bottom of legs instead, in which case the lower ones definitely denote matter, and the units of material – units in ones family, units of things he owns and uses, or unity of particles in his body, the one unit the root chakra sees, consists of many parts. At crown chakra level, we as a whole, are still seen as part of the One, so even the multitude of us is still one. So *My Family* is One Family for Root Chakra, but consists of many members, and *My Body* is one body, but consists of one member. Solar Plexus and Heart connect this minus infinity with plus infinity – the many being one or the one being many – and thus gets one being one, but with solar plexus, we see single beings separately, talking about only me or only you, like the feelings see, but there are also the feelings, which are about the whole world – somehow what comes together from many such feelings; in Heart, we see it’s synergic work and the appearances around us as it’s holistic work, and being only able to feel and energize it as one energy; still, the pattern it forms contains Unity – it treats every person separately, as if it has separate creative act towards each of them. The Third Eye or Mental Chakra sees many actions of people as one pattern, feeling the field topology. Finally, the Crown chakra sees everything as completely one – infinite number of Creatures outside us are seen as one Creature. Root Chakra Treats one Creature as many molecules, and Feeling Chakra divides them into qualities – about one people we Feel many qualities in time, but with Solar Plexus, we make one decision about a person and change it only painfully. With Heart, we flow in the world treating every person differently, but we are not aware of these differences very much – we are aware of our more general Heart Wishes and we flow in the Heart Signals of those wishes becoming true, we cannot separate, which wish becomes true at any given moment. With Mental Chakra, we design societies and sciences, and see the patterns in our

lives as topological forms, for example we can see how Good and Bad, Lawful and Non-Lawful are separated, or we can see that our lives really follow the same pattern. Here, we cannot see ourselves as separate beings, but we see, for example, a Civilization, and we can understand classes and cultures inside that; we can also feel our complete, big mission, and how it unfolds. With Crown Chakra we see World as One System, we see complete sum of our thoughts and all that is, as one specific thing. With Throat Chakra, we connect beings materially with higher truths and visions – we connect a network of heart, to more concrete Truth, and as it’s more concrete it rather happens materially. But this can also happen telepathically, as every chakra acts both as our material instincts and in direct interaction with outside world. The latter becomes stronger as we meditate on seven chakras, and the former becomes stronger as we meditate on five elements – in such case, the direct connection with matter is stronger.

So, here, we see frequencies between, negative, where -1 = 1 below, zero, where 1=1 in the middle as two chakras directed up and down, with vision inside-out and outside-in, and positive chakras, where Infinity = 1 upwards. Material is our Body and the field of this chakra is body sized; downwards to the legs, I would imagine – we could paint this body smaller than the material body, as it goes in the direction of organs, molecules, atoms and subatomary particles; or it grows into dimension, where one thought forms multiple components, which become abstract in their own nature – they don’t have one, absolute relation to the unitary truth, so they are somewhat irrational.

These I would call negative numbers – the form patterns, where we see human body as pattern of separate, smaller-than-human, components, which come and go. The organization, the same way, must sense it’s members with such lower chakra, but it feels the completeness closer to it inside a higher chakra, if it’s a complete organization – otherwise it would feel no crown chakra. The frequencies of an organization are material and composed of people – those feel on material level and on human level, so the organization must feel it’s body and life body. Mathematically, the Reason becomes to the organization, thus become it’s own Pain and Pleasure – this Reason manifests in the Reality. On some layer, the organization is born as human, the Frequency as a Dreamer should be visible to to Life Level. One Living Creature is one Frequency, and every Truth has such – so it creates a creature. As those dream, they might get the human bodies and meet in the human world, whatever they are originally. Also the unfulfilled parts of Truth have life, the holes in our truth – those live a life of wanting to unbecome. Those creatures of Logic of my mind, positive creature I call Elise and negative one Daisy – these are also two names of classical artificial intelligence ..mathematics forms a corpus in our body, which, independently to mind, can create a living system – do calculations and use information we cannot directly see, unless we make our minds sharp, and to show us the user interface. The body can be open to spiritual dimensions, mental dimensions, but also to mathematical dimensions, and I think their second generation in infinity – when energy of Zero, constantly growing in Time, becomes above infinity, then energy of minus infinity, the smallest part, becomes something – nothing, the negative, starts to feel and think; not as itself, as it might be in material as creature, who thinks only about good aspects of their bad deed, but in our mathematics, then, the result creates negativity of vacuum – this creature is the second creature of mathematics. Not much later, the frequency we can get also unwields the infinitely small aspect of infinity – this is on the plane of vows, something we follow with out whole being.

The frequencies of the Five Elements of Matter. The lowest frequency is Earth, and it means the most material aspect of a chakra – the Element Body of this Chakra, which is common to human and material world, is aware of the elements as infinitely small, separate entities. Those flow freely

in and out, so there is a multitude also in time – the body remains one solid thing, but they feel in and out. This is the smallest frequency, we can call this subparticle level. The Sacral Chakra is the Water, and this must be kind of feelings for matter, where it feels the separate aspects of things, or humans as some kind of objects, and for humans, this feeling is the same as material feeling of this human – how they feel towards things, or thinglike objects in the physics of our minds. When this opens, we can feel something, say about material wealth of a person, or worth of a thing – we separate units into qualities with sacral chakra. In Solar Plexus, whe Cosmos feels it’s separate objects, it can divide matter into objects – when we have a story about, or a decision, about a specific thing or abstract specific thing, we have it with this chakra. The Heart Chakra is Air, and it must have material power, which is already somewhat united to the whole. It starts to connect units of material objects into oneness, where each of them still has their story. Now, the ways the elements feel multitude as one – as they are smaller in size, their infinity is also smaller in size, and thus the feeling of patterns, communication or patterns in material form, and total unity of the matter – this single chakra creates synchronicity of matter, and it adds to constant row of separate miracles (of Material Love, the Material Harmony of Elements and Humans as Elements – let’s assume that as Element, Human is Very Symmetric and gets peasure, this means non-tension, calmness, equilibrium, on material level; should the material the human is composed of, feel a dissatisfaction of Human Form, we would disappear, become formless matter, our components, ready for new forms or bodies). We definitely do not feel that material block when we are healthy, so we are also material complete resonances, and the Fire Frequency, the Solar Plexus of matter sensing us as separate material object, and we sensing the material bodies of others with this element chakra; we must be evolved to have, in addition to have synchronicity of feeling and mental level, quite authentic feelings about the material inside us, and we can also directly feel those material impulses – the matter, somehow, being motivated to be us.

In Space element, the Crown chakra, but also all three higher chakras, for matter – it’s the united continues miracle of matter, where it feels like one, living whole, or like a dream. In this sphere, matter lives as unified whole – and as our seven chakras need three higher resonances to express the infinity – even the communication creates an object into infinity, where the Heart is constantly changing, but the Mind and Feeling of Unity, they directly operate with very large and infinite objects – very large is already some infinity-commas away to from infinity, it’s axes and values are more or less those of infinity. On high-level structural world, which our Mind is meant to operate with – and all the seven chakras of our Life, where the Life operates it’s causes and reasons appear in complex structures of material world – they can not be easily measured scientifically, tough artificial intelligence is more or less capable to do that, but itself somewhat cryptic. It’s knowledge, currently, by now means is a scientific proof – tough, you can visualize it to something simpler, like a model of it’s layers. Also you can measure complex structures by a material science, but they remain complex objects of data. For mind, those structures form simple first-hand objects; those objects, as higher the level of organization gets, as less resemble the direct qualities of material world; and as more encryptic become in their effects – but we can generalize those effects with some qualities; for example civilization is close to infinity, as it has the qualities of infinity – organization, synergy, higher love and possibility to find many people you don’t know. General goodness is visible in the scale of civilization – on a person’s level, with finite objects, we can grow a little into infinity by measuring this general quality, but it’s rather a complex interplay with qualities of civilization and a planet, which form infinities. A small moon – maybe not.

Also the negative properties of objects, they create objective structure, object in reality. For example, being burn by fire, the structure destroyed, the specific lack of structure is an object, which flows towards it’s ideal of being structured again. Still, as matter, it definitely won’t care much about an unitary structure – much like people go to work, it creates unity from many, who go from one entity to another, with entities remaining unchanged. So, for example, the river flows and air moves – Earth, as element of Stability, as matter itself is an element of stability, the units are the strongest, but also in some motion over time, as there is nothing stable and permanent. Stable and Permanent quality is not inside matter, but the dream of three higher chakras – the Space Element –, also able to connect us with different people and things, changing the distances, and to thus create our worlds without much changing the overall reality; by going to another place, we change all the connections of space, but not to higher chakras or frequencies – it’s still Earth, or it’s still this Galaxy, or it’s still this Time, or it’s still Reality – as closer to infinity, as more we are standing still in Reality, and this relates to Crown chakra that it’s all one. In our room, we rotate around similar locations for a while, and the next day again; but in little scale – we change our location all the time, whether we are on a chair or sitting on the floow, whether on the side of orange or behind computer. This local space is in constant change and probably we are never behind at the same plate of dinner. But infinity, we are always close to some kind of food, at least until we die, and the same holds for next life. The dream the Space chakra creates reminds us the completeness of material setting – as a movie on the screen, with all details organized with each others, it shows us the Natural Laws in Great Harmony; the matter would naturally flow around us and create sensible wholes. But we are also interested in which patterns it creates locally, like in our cells, or amongst the different chemical reactions.

So we see frequencies appearing in multiple different dimensions – dimension of 7 chakras being higher and 5 elements being lower frequency, in axe of Root Chakra being all the five elements at the same time, and both 7 chakras and 5 elements coming from higher to lower, when you count from top to down. Always you can see the Yin and Yang side – Earth and Heaven. And the three layers – infinity, one and zero (zero not as complete lack of something, but it’s existence as infinitely small particles). Yin and Yang can also divided into four – the Yes, the No, the Yes as the No and the No as the Yes, which I write with 4 letters, IE and OA for No and Yes, IO and AE for this yes or no happening either on negative or positive axe – on one (negative), there must be lack of dimension to be positive, and on other (positive), lack of dimension makes it negative. I ching has another four – being, not being, becoming and unbecoming, when expressed in scale of negative and positive existence.

Outside our body, downwards it gets into larger patterns of matter, and upwards into us being smaller and smaller part of whole, which we serve, help or learn from with our crown chakra. It also unifies Truth – the Crown sees Truth as a Single Thing, the Heart sees it like complex and mystic sayings, feeling creative by which parts of us they touch, the Solar Plexus knowing thoughts about ourselves and others as separate beings, and things as separate things, ones, and lower chakras see different qualities an entity is composed of, whereas on material conceptions, the matter is flowing in and out, to the creature and out of it, or such are moving the material forces such as heat – and it creates forms, ones, out of it. We can see plastic structures, which can be melted to objects, or destroyed into parts.

We have to live on all those frequencies; on all the frequencies we have to be yin, part, matter, by operating as units inside time and space, and yang, eternal entity, dream of an Eternal Truth, the

Completeness of the Whole outside Time and Space – but this, also, is our direct effect of matter which does not take action, as the world here is an inertial system, and our creation like Civilization is not being done each time we need it, and is shaped more by the effects of mind than the effects of matter. The problems it meets are on the level of the mind, whereas the repeating pattern of matter is but a flow, one lasting quality for it – where you feel every day as a different day, your mind feels pattern of days as flowing pattern, and the crown sees your life as complete whole, with these days flowing through as consquence. With the crown chakra you choose between completes, more or less once in a lifetime or rarely unfolding into this decision, and then you follow it always – but it’s complex, changing pattern you cannot express idea by idea, but only by some complete qualities, like love and truth as general things, not separate patterns as truth for mind, or complex nonstop creations as for heart.

I don’t see chakras so much as rotating wheels, but sense those frequency scales – when something of a given frequency is to happen, it happens in particular height in the body, with particular qualities. Still, sometimes I see this as chakras – I see it as many different, unique images of mind patterns, images coming as close associations in relation to some visions, feelings, thoughts etc. I feel it has machine-aspect, life-aspect and oracle-aspect; first it behaves like a machine, which I call Elise and Daisy – positive and negative qualities; and more than positive, higher-level qualities I call para or paralogec. Life frequencies are from unity to higher vision in my mind, and from complex systems of emotions to my oneness and down to repeated patterns and parts – when mind can see repeated patterns topologically, then root and sacral chakras see rather directly repeated patterns and laws; on higher levels of organization, mathematical laws are not so much repeated like basic laws of physics and basic mathematical objects, but you are blessed and hit by more complex mathematical laws, which come and go irrationally – the truth itself appearing in addition to what we can do with understanding of it. The mind, thus, sees patterns in complex flows of life events, whereas the root and sacral chakra see the events, which are more or less common in human life, like eating, getting a child, smiling – those happen as concrete objects, as small particles, which make up wholes. Giving a name for the whole journey and seeing it’s dimension among many journeys, as a metaphor – this is the work for the mind, a third eye chakra.

There is also a frequency, where the highest meets the lowest. This creates frequential harmonies, repetition of oracles – which can also be seen as separate infinities, as they share the form with infinity. The smallest, at point zero or rather minus infinity, meets the biggest, the positive infinity –thus creating the oracle, and the Theorem or material of Proofs in space – where certain zero meets infinity, the Oracle can see a specific dimensions of whole reality, divide the big flows into qualities and parts; otherwise only the space would have one single oracle; also the Truth – when infinite dimension meets zero, it creates a theorem of something which always holds (exists in infinities of material and possibility), it bends the concept with infinity. Also, the Time repeats it’s biggest pattern – when it ends, it starts again; this is a fractal, which meets up and down, and by function limit value, as higher and higher patterns upwards create such moments, then somewhere in the abstract dimension of this infinity meets into point, where end meets beginning. Also the space, I believe in some level of reality, it must somewhere begin where it ends; but with more and more ways left open for bigger infinities. Somewhere there are the absolute concept of this limit value, as everlasting time and space once meets any point at any infinity – so, for the field frequencies to be harmonic, there is a point in infinity, where this actual quality is being born, or born in the personal form. The field of Truth, and the field of Reality, in Matter and Mind – they are very related, or

have very close physical and mental associations and dimensions, where they meet info unified concepts.

The space is very multidimensional, as every chakra creates different energy body, every vibration has separate field with their qualities, and this connects the same objects and people many times in many different spaces of different frequencies; this creates, for Life Body, 7, and for Material Body and Material World, 5 different harmonic frequencies or complex, which create distinct qualities to use their specific properties and solve their specific problems. Basic frequencies, they feel meaning in human body, and material frequencies feel meaning in flowing through numerous forms and keeping up constant reaction, which does not care about specific form very much. They are the underlying principles of all kinds of matter, and the part of our being, which behaves like matter, acting repetitious, or Earthly bound to tradition, and behaving as something, which makes decisions and then follows them, but something, which is reacting through native, and still very reasoned laws.

For the mind, the great quality is balance – all the 7 chakras must be active together, create complex patterns of activity, supporting each others; and in different ways, which again look like 7 chakras or three planes – on personal level, on intent-over-oneself level, and on mind-over-matter level.

They must not set their expectations too high or too low, and not deplete themselves (or others) from energy. There can be too few, balanced amount, or too much of their activities, and to grow, we live through them all – we are mostly balanced, but we need to also work with negative and too positive, we need to give attention of negative process so it can disappear, and give attention to currently impossible, wasting possibilities which we need to develop for future and for other generations.

**Meditation**

There are numerous videos and texts, in decent language use and science context, about how to meditate about 7 chakras and what they are. About chakras of Nature, I find less of them.

Material world is separate from mind world – when you mediate, you can meditate of strong connection with kind of things, tastes and feelings in rooms, up to the harmony of the whole natural world, but directly you don’t connect them with people or processes, which give you such material connections; your energy aligns with matter itself. You get over feelings of guilt associate with material processes. As you meditate over your health, you feel that too strong energy without balancing meditation to energize also this flow of energy, you get dense and seem to break yourself – here you need strong balance, to grow both force and how much you accept it. When you meditate upon negative energy, you get all those problems somewhat materialized or close to this, until the solutions appear on the areas you concentrate your attention on; in general, unfocused meditation – there are yin and yang, focus and unfocus meditations), material sensations, especially as you develop your material experience, start to appear as feelings of material lack and abundance, and you watch it neutrally, to let it too it’s negative, positive, and too positive aspects; in this process, you are silence and move towards balance – making this little more concrete, moving lower in frequency, you meditate over separate wholes; your body as a whole, your life as a whole, society as a whole. Your feeling about the society appears in your higher chakras, but the society part which feels you, and gives you guidance, can appear either in your higher chakras or grow into above your head, outside your body, as this is not you, but connection to something. These nerve connections – and the mind-field can be thought as we being the conceptions, and in this meditation, the whole

building associations between those concepts – this appears out of body. Downwards, the material, repeated process or the family tree – which, outside, looks like a pattern of repeated people forming us, being our past, but without our identity; materially, it’s also inside every cell of us – this part is not part of your nervous system, but a complete hologram reflecting in every cell of your body. Crown chakra and above it, in the layers or flower leaves, creates a big image around us where we see, on mathematical level, ourselves kind of connected to some machine, on life level we see the bubble of society connected to us, on spiritual level we can sense a bigger whole of us. Those outside body areas can be called also Earth Star Chakra and Soul Start Chakra by free book “ultimate guide to chakras” by Athena Perrakis; but otherwise, we can see that 7 chakras with complete images cover these areas as well – this 9-chakra system, as one of modernizations, can be used to create some ideas. Crown chakra itself, sometimes, is told to be outside the head, in a point higher than it, significying bigger-than-infinity, where our whole being is infinity, and this connects us to a bigger, living aspect of reality, where we form a part.

Removal of blocks: often, our mental and spiritual elements are ready, but we create bad material karma when we go through that positive experience; mediating harmony with matter, we remove these blocks and make our material karma free – then, we can go through those spiritual

experiences without the missing energy circle in their material aspects, like places and material things we enjoy with people, or a place for coexistence, as such missing energy would also make the spiritual experience appearing only from a distance – we see a person, we create deep link, we coreact and dance in the spiritual reality, and our eye contact creates sparkles and feelings of energy, but we do not create material bonds or stable reality of our coexistence – such recognitions are formed, but they come and go. Thus, in spiritual reality we live a miracle, but in material world – we can only see common people in our lives, bound to constantly hurt us should we seek something higher. We can see melodies of higher societies, we can see them in the Hearts of many people, creating many experiences – but as we do not remove the material blocks, as we do not meditate in the material world, they won’t become a stable, common, everyday reality.

You can meditate your element chakras in the following ways:

- Space element: meditate over the complete dream in the material world; an united

experience of it, where it behaves towards you as one united object, providing you a holistic material experience. Then, in emptiness above Space element there should be more and more complex united Space, where your Space behaves like a part; but the Space element itself is also an unification of whole Space – it’s what separates and connects, creating complete Space experiences, variations of matter, which behave like different Spaces or Lokas. If you feel the world of materials flowing as one unified whole, and you feel the unified whole of elements and material things in your life, this could be effect of Space, which is the point of enlightenment or awakening of matter; around you, you can see “your matter” – the matter, in the worlds of other people, can behave in different ways to reflect the karma they meditated together. Here, also, you should be able to balance the ecosystem, to create a complex and sensitive reaction to it’s loss. By this, you align your energetic field to create one, united reality for you, which is in balance and harmony in all it’s aspects. We can make ourselves free by creating this union with higher society, so that we also meet higher people in our lives – as this is the *more real* society; this is the *complete reality* – being in hell, they are kept away from realities and lives, from being the Truth of whole Cosmos itself, they are in negative are of trueness, in area of a Truth which does not hold –

would the Cosmos be False, it would Cease to exist, but in hells, you create false reality, but the Cosmos does not Cease to exist – thus, the hell is not Real, because there is illogic, there is something Wrong, but it’s existence there does not turn the Cosmos to be Wrong – so the dimension itself is Wrong, it kind of does not exist, or is dead – as Life is an interpersonal process occurring through whole Cosmos. To prove this – in higher heavens, or when your frequencies shift up in live (and you can see them shifting up and down) you feel your life being more *Real*, and in same of amount of time there is more time, and in same amount of space, there is more space – less real time, maybe even if painful, it feels to go into dark shadow, as if you did not live there. As if this time did not even exist. It does not leave a mark into reality – it’s there rather to solve. In infinite Time, it becomes *more and more Real*– past, in your future lifetimes, does not seem like Reality, but it’s still an important part of creation of those futures, and when you simplify your ideas, they finally fit perfectly into simpler models of that time – but those models now, they are in multidimensional

environment, they have the same simple axes, but those axes in their bigger preciseness are located in multidimensional space, somewhat curved. But you get that simplicity back and you can speak more easy – the best books, word by word, giving you a new meaning in new reality with the same words, as they are not written to be lost in time. You read the same metaphor in a new way. Here, with this element or chakra, all the names on streets, signs on cars, and sounds, and material movements around us, they can become meaningful as in movie – they become orchestrated, and we can see something sensible in every single movement of molecule, or a butterfly, which seems to go like a movie script, maybe the one of musical – on negative aspect, instead of normal misery, when you open up to pains and troubles of this chakra, they stream like a real hell, and the hellish creatures move around you – actually they might be normal people, but it’s their meaning which opens up like a theater as this chakra creates material process as wholistic vision, they might look like beautiful group of demons, or a matter might be structured and reacting around you like a meaningful symbolism in hell – with this chakra, you see your surrounding material reality as theater playing a scene of something bigger happening in space, and the separate things and humans are like the energies of this space, so that space itself appears as a small scene in your immediate environment, so that when you move around, look around, hear different things, the sensations are organized to express you a deep idea, either positive or negative – which one you need in your life to grow. Space chakra effects in past, present and future – as an experiment of Schrödinger's cat, the space is undecided about the parts of structure of now you do not sense yet, so that in Holistic experience, as effect of events now, events instantly happen, which need the whole chain of consequences in the past, to be so

synchronized. Space or Cosmos or Ether element, as it’s called, syncronizes all this and creates the miracle of still having a stable history, despite you being able to move around in the Quantum field from one reality to another, distinct reality, which appears as distinct sense of the Whole for you – like reality as a whole is changing emotion. In this, as I have experienced, even people can appear and disappear. Everybody has their separate word and still, to the senses of everybody, we all seem to have a common world; in these separate quantum realms, for example, slightly different versions of the same people would live – in some kind of a Miracle, we still see an united world with all the people present and everything flowing through the natural laws of reality.

- Air element: you can concentrate on material energy and material sense, which sees the processes of material as unique, separate dreams creating a creative whole experience; you see the many processes, each in their uniqueness, as one whole, creative, complex flow where every part is treated separately. By this, you create a sense of complexity of material processes, and the wide diversity of different things finding united, unique paths. Air element is about the diversity of things as our material ecosystem, which creates a kind of whole of those things we can separate only as patterns, whereas space element unifies them into one theory – for example, theories of Physics and most central principles of religions, like Truth or Ecological Life and Ecosystem on material plane, Holistic attribute of material composition of our environment – this is a Space, it gives common words, conceptions, feelings and sensations to things, which otherwise seem separated and having their personal “selves”. Here you can also create engineering processes of bridge building, art making etc., and synchronize your life into a process of material flows, unique and separate. With this chakra, you meditate over the room you are in, and you feel it as synchronized process – as you pay your attention of similar rooms, you directly resonate such rooms into your life or out of it.
- Fire element: Connects you with unity, you feel your own material being and it’s material outcomes, like having food; you see things as separate objects and connections between you and the things. You can meditate on the things you see, feel, touch, the way you operate with them on the way they are used for you, you meditate on connections of things of people, and the material process of these connections. Thus you create an image of the object world, and align it’s energies with you. Here, you can feel the object world as a big Lego, with pieces you can connect and separate. In positive extreme, it can create an effect of toy world, and thus, in broken form, you have lost connection with things. Material Life Drive appears in this chakra.
- Water element: You discern things into separate qualities, you meditate over your experience of tastes, smells, and other qualities. By this, you align your energy field to attract certain sensations and avoid certain sensations. You pay attention to the tastes as you eat, or the feelings and perceptions appearing out of things, which come and go, so they are more impermanent. Then, here, you create a flowing quality of your stability, you flow through all those perceptions and your energy becomes to attract one over another.
- Earth element: here, the matter only flows, but the stability is born – the infinite repetition of same patterns needed for material existence. Eating, drinking or natural processes constantly repeat and by aligning this element, small parts of life start to repeat and form cycles, which we never need to stop. Each of those actions or events is separate, as it’s subparts, and it’s nature is that you don’t make it once and for ever, but it always needs some new action; where the direction of complete flow changes once and reflects in all the pattern, then these activities are needed over and over, often more or less the same in this new direction, but at least existing there – all the time, people need to eat, and they need to do it again; if this chakra is balanced, then you eat all the time, and you sleep well. Things you need in your everyday life start to be balanced. Earth element are the trains, all similar so you see them forming a stable system of travel, whereas the Space is the pictures on those trains, constantly changing, but forming one unified picture of united reality – and art, it does not repeat as pattern, but as a complete thing, it creates a sense of wholistic union; art of beauty,

it cannot also be touched, but it’s still a material process in our lives. The separate objects of Earth element are impermanent, but the stable process is formed – in your doings with officials (and offices are like matter – the spirit, the people inside is flowing, but the office provides you with something stable and unchanging), in your doings with repeated

responsibilities, you create bigger connection. If you do a direct transmutation of elements, this has to happen either with Earth element – In Zero, when your knowledge becomes Zero-sized, absolutely consistent and repeating pattern, it also becomes instant and stable – such kind of knowledge does not go into doubt, but it keeps it’s Truth always together, as it’s simple. I feel the knowledge in me sometimes doing that – it becomes simpler, simpler, simpler, and suddenly it becomes Zero and then it is also an absolute force in my life, it cannot be broken any more. But excess of this Earth element creates Dogmas – so you need a Space element to see Creativity and Change as stability, and Air element to blow you into such constant change.

- Outside of your body, you can meditate on which is above the space element as a connection of your Reality, connections and even the social interconnection, as a united entity, aspect of something, which does not change you, but the surrounding world of you; here, most visibly, the meditations of other people can be in contradiction with your meditation. You connect unions with higher and higher wholes, creating deeper bonds with realities of higher and higher beings – going up the ladder of material heavens. You meditate over the material source of unity, where the matter provides unique experiences for diverse people.
- Downwards outside of your body, in the roots of Earth element: you meditate over your cell memory, which is the experience carried by all your body – not only intelligent brain and spline nerves, but the cells who are simpler and almost like material processes; probably you can influence your genetic memory and blueprint here, so that your genes can get

enlightened; into smaller and smaller, less and less conscious part of you, which still do something – your cells, they might not argue as powerfully as brain, but they also have direct reactions and memories with many things in our world. You affect the deepest of the material structure of your world, and the repeated, specific patterns in the world around you – the smallest entity, which makes up the perceptional, meaningful aspect of matter, or the smallest, which opens up also the aspects of matter itself – in nature, it’s greatly aligned to our emotions and our emotions, even by evolution theory, must be greatly aligned with matter. We survive if we create material harmony inside and around us. Also, here we can feel many material pains and feelings, like pity, when we work with this lower are of the Earth chakra, it’s frequencies less than minus infinity – our material genes must be here as they form a repeated pattern through our body, with even cells in different places following the same, repeated code; on the lower levels, it must be the reaction of physical energy in our life – it might react differently. Earth element on those lower scales must also be the source of material transmutation, of the direct interaction with matter – Space, maybe, giving the spiritual qualities and sacredness, energy of things, and the synchronicity of their material dance with each another, but the Earth element being source of changing the crystal structure, or turning one element into another – I think this is possible, and I think it happens when your Earth element is completely active; I think the material process around you is affected slightly, when you open this – the foods getting a little element of holiness and becoming more pure, and the material things you touch getting some powers; with this completely open, probably the whole material structure would go through changes, like

broken things getting fixed etc. - this has happened to me that I fix an analog clock with my intent, such things seemed to happen when I was a child, so much that sometimes people asked me to do so.

You also need to meditate over connections between material and spiritual chakras, to grow a nervous system between them – all the energy centers in your body can be connected in infinite ways, forming stronger and stronger nervous networks, or their analogous in spiritual body.

I have completed the theoretic level, but in practice, I do a slow process with this. Still I’m sure this theoretical part is very stable and contains more or less axiomatic basis, especially for a Buddhist, who is able to go through this mathematics of infinity of mine. Many years I have meditated to feel my body, inside-out – but now, instead of it’s sensations and feelings of being one or another organ or spiritual organ of body, I meditate over the material aspect of my body, the kind of sensations to follow are directly material, or related to material process of my body – these are different sensations; still those sensations are complex and not just like hot or cold, they are also the complete material qualities my body can look for.

Balance, it’s the key element in whole material process. Any meditative intent creates a force in you, but you might feel angrily pushing those forces, trying to achieve a lot – then, the energy creates tension and pain in your body, or unrealistic goals, including the images of yourself as being incapable; those all can block the material process, like pity you feel towards material activities or say, sex. If the tension appears, and fear that you break something in your body, you have to meditate this tension carefully, as the solution feeling or intent is not instantly obvious, to sense the dimensions of this tension, and all the different sensations of it – once you manage to do this, your body grows stronger to cope with this energy. Then, you can move back to more general meditation, which creates this energy. You have to create this balance of intent, which must not exceed it’s borders on material level – you go so far that you get some tension, but then you don’t pressure, but you mediate over this tension.

To meditate about your body, you also want:

- To feel several parts of body in union, at the same time, to strengthen the connection.
- As you meditate to feel one part of your body, every reaction of it has also other sensations and reactions in other parts of the body, for example the mind senses the patterns, the crown senses the wholistic aspects, the legs, especially lower parts of the legs, sense the patterns and simple units of repetition. As you meditate this one part, you also want to meditate in all those connections it has with the other parts.
- When you feel tension, you need to meditate on this, until it feels release and goes away. Tensions might feel dangerous, so you meditate to feel directly those sensations of danger, and look for gentle ways to flow through this. This might appear as urgent feeling that you break that body part.