# Healthy Conflict Psychology

**Healthy Conflict Psychology**

In my Enlightenment, I went through a phase, which introduced me through Healthy Conflict Psychology. On Spiritual Plane, it was a complete warfare, with Protection, Threats of Death, complex games on both physical and spiritual plane by people who understood them; it was not about not doing threats, but rather the force involved somehow guaranteed the safety of the game – and in this force everybody was trusting, so the war knew no limits. It was a chemistry and alchemy, between souls, the signals and signs, which played through a series of situations. The feeling of safety and kind of peace is hard to connect with war – but everybody was really experienced in conflicts, and so it was their guidance for me; where I participated free-willingly as everybody else, as it was an enlightening experience.

It led through feelings of enlightened fear, anger etc., and was teaching me the basis of those feelings and how to resolve conflicts without aggression, so that the outcome would be healthy. There are emotional patterns, which make even the deepest conflicts seem pleasurable, and on material plane, there are so many threats that people need to share them through conflict psychology.

In the end of this chemistry, there was a great love and understanding. With the same people, Sangha as I would call them, there were the positive and negative games happening at the same time, to overgrow me from the feelings of positivity and negativity, and many people were powerful enough to create conflicts legally; so the threats were also real enough. But it was not the matter of the threat, but the matter of growing me into healthy conflict psychology.

The negative energies – anger, fear, fear of death, etc. - we cannot just ignore, but there needs to be large amount of those in our lives; as spiritual plane is generally safer than physical plane, we have to not grow them into the physical plane, but we need to go through those emotions and

expressions, and through their healthy resolution patterns, to become strong – initially, they are harder, but they grow into healthy energy field and shields, which are already enlightened, natural, and completely safe. Without going through all these, the energies exist in us, but they are broken and underdeveloped, so they disturb us all our lives and do not let to live in the fullest – so, somehow, it was a strong mutual understanding by which I went through all this Alchemy of Soul, showing both the positive and negative. The patterns others had learnt in hard and real life patterns, which happen in different positions and areas of life, they could teach me in those games, and there was a strong touch of reality – what protected me was the healthy strategy, and this made it feel safe, not the case that the threats would not be real; even the spiritual threats are real.

In the end of this, and this was indeed solving my real life problems – this is what I mean by it being real, should I have failed, it would have been a real failure; this brought energies, which exist anyway, closer to my mind and experience.

Later I was kind of excited about this and I also engaged into minor conflict on physical plane with some people, who were destroying my life, but with positive attitude ..I was not too serious, but in conflict, they were broken and aggressive – the conflicts on spiritual plane were never aggressive, and there is a deep difference; aggressivity is the “strategy”, which really tries to hurt you, and not to resolve into a beautiful solution. Still, this conflict in the material plane, where I had not grown into so mature, was needed to start the resolution process of my whole life trouble; I think the next conflicts on this plane are already more mature, but where I had long, long hidden conflict –

actually expressing my position and getting some actual feedback of the position of the other side, it also initiated this growth. We can see many singers, who are aggressive in ways, which do not feel aggressive to us – they have gone through all the conflict in their life, until they have developed mature, safe psychology; thus, they can sing with rage, but you don’t feel the rage – you feel pleasure. The same way, a healthy conflict finally creates pleasure for all sides, as they have gone through the alchemy ..in material sense, you cannot even call this a conflict, because it’s not visible – but by what you go through, and what potentials are felt by everybody, it’s much more real conflict than the material ones. With people, who are mature in conflicts, and gone through war, politics, business in the real world – they can create a battlefield for you to enjoy, where you can grow up. But then, on material plane, there are people, whose conflicts are a struggle; they avoid conflicts by all means, but finally you just get this negative energy of unenlightened conflict – as it’s something to be solved, it exists anyway and you cannot get rid, so the energy breaks you; they pretend perfection and positive life, and positive relations – but as this yang gets too rigid and unbreakable, the Laws of Nature probably break it completely, one day, so that the whole illusion of happy life is destroyed. Whole classes have been fallen in revolutions, etc., and they all pretended perfection in the end, not listening to anybody any more.

So, it’s good to find people in life with who you can have a conflict. Arguments, telling out truth, endangering with, for example, breaking a relation – those do not have to be big things, but when the conflict psychology is good, it resolves everything and working through negative energies together is a healthy negative process on social level; without this, it’s impossible to create strong ties.

There are people, who kick you out from their circles should you have a conflict with somebody; officials with who you can never have a conflict, because it’s very painful for them if they are not right, similar kinds of jobs etc. I don’t know whether it’s healthy to go through conflict with those people – you probably need some just to understand that you don’t belong; and it’s probably impossible to avoid all conflicts forever with them, because the whole process of pretending positivity creates one deep conflict, which breaks one day – probably then, they will be asking you for something you can not give, and you have to say no, which is a conflict; or something other happens. I think, finally this comes anyway; or they try to change you with physical means, in which case you are already in conflict. But mostly, these conflicts seem to resolve by simply letting go of these people, as you cannot make strong ties.

From conflict, the healthy alchemy of all the aspects of it – it slowly develops into strong ties, and creates the strong alchemy; conflict, when it’s a True, High Vibration conflict, develops into Love and Understanding, as all sides are heard, emotions expressed, and the expressions got their answers; it can feel burning, and it creates an enlightened anger – this is not broken or aggressive, but a strong shield moving away the conflict; it also creates enlightened fear – it’s also not broken or running away, but it’s the very force by which the people know when to help you, and by which the reality changes so that the causes go away.

I think in enlightenment, the positive vibrations are initially more easy to enlighten – but you really cannot have the Shadow of you underdeveloped, because you cannot get rid of it; there is always something going on – so this is really helpful if someone is ready to go through an enlightened conflict with you, and it creates a strong energy, which takes care that you do not hurt each others. When you avoid all the conflict, you cannot have those deep relationship – and the people with who you have no conflict, the relations cannot grow deep; you do not really express the non-satisfactory

part of it. So people, who protect completely from insult, from hard words, from critics – finally they embody all this negativity those process would have attacked, and this is already a dangerous state; so by bringing all this danger – you actually avoid it in long term.