# Holy War

**Holy War**

What I need to say, is that we need a Holy War. As Christ said, or as Karl Marx has paraphrased, there needs to always be an ever-lasting war for goodness. This war needs no enemy, but it’s an activity based on Fire qualities – in today's society, the wars are rather intellectual and business wars, more subtle than before – this is the *progress* we have made.

**Some Christian terms**

I’m a Buddhist, but I believe in great force of words of Christ. It’s said Shiva, Brahma and Vishnu are one – in the history of Hinduism, they met religions with different Gods, and they did not conquer – as Buddhists do not conquer, but integrate – so they learnt about those Gods and integrated them into their religion. It’s still believed that this is one God in His three forms. Lesser Gods, they are creatures on high evolutionary level – when your mind grows so big that it’s essence starts to vibrate with infinity, it has only some digits before infinity’s comma separating it from infinity, it’s basically infinite – it gets the qualities close to infinite goodness, wisdom, etc. For this we use the word “god” with small letter. Even Christians have Angels, and some of them might be known as gods for others.

Terms I really need:

- Religion, religious, has two aspects: a theory, which has your material magic based on ethics, so that your theory of ethics leads you to strength; and it assumes that for all races, ecosystems, religions and alien races, you find the ones, who are religious as well, and you create an union with them, a common hyperculture. You create this unity by seeing the world as multiparadigm system, where the good things can be explained in several ways, and they can even lack different qualities in such way that they seem to contradict – but once you find a good seed behind it, you find wisdom and creativity in others. Atheism is religious if, in it’s material or skeptic world, it has taken the conceptions to infinity – so that high conceptions, like goodness, which only exist in infinity, form. Thus, those forms of atheism are religious.
- Pagan, paganism: one is pagan, if it does not place their theory about attaining good ends on the theory of ethics. Good things are: money, power, etc. It’s generally a good thing if everyone has it; otherwise it’s a local case of goodness. Less commonly, it’s also pagan to have bad ends. In Buddhism, you have the meditations, which clean your karma – through this you achieve magic (magic is an effect in life – we can use that word for both black and white, so let’s also use it for religion). In Christianity, you do the same – you create a karmic bond with God, or society in general, and through this you can finally reach miracles, or miracles of life. In Hermetic speak, you find those words like “power” and “money” used more specifically, and they are directly what you are going to attain – belief of God might avoid a paganism here, but if you directly use your force to attain being superior, you might make the others inferior; so if your intention is goodness without any bad aspect, you finally meet the Laws of Nature, the impossibility, which is not solved in your psychology. American businessmen and their “optimistic religion” – it’s also directed to getting money and power, and good relations; but it does not meditate on all the bad feelings you get from such desire, which either show you how you harm others or how you *don’t deserve this*, in other words how you take away from others, or how you don’t get your goods from this kind

of richness, but you need another kind – if you don’t go through the bad feelings related to your good ends, you are practicing *witchcraft*, you might be white, but probably you have your bad ends. I am positive about self-worth affirmation, but I described how it could be taken to extreme end. World around you might suffer. This positive attitude of American businessman, by all means, is magic – it’s the principle Hermetics talk about when they say with every thought and feeling you create reality; you might create an utterly positive reality, but suddenly it meets the reality of this bad, which comes with all the good. Now, todays witches definitely have the ethics theory – we live in a modern world –, but as a historic epoch of humankind, their times did not know much about ethics; this is a system born rather from practical needs. Hermetics tends to say you are not a pawn, but a queen; others don’t manipulate you, but you manipulate others – this is a dangerous road. You need to grow out from being manipulated, but you also need to desire co-creation, your force needs to create itself out of synergy; methods of religions tend to set these good ends directly as their goals and methods, and the whole method of magic is based on this – until, at the end, we won’t call this a magic any more so easily, as it’s rather Life itself.

Materialistic systems of positive affirmations, optimism and autosuggestion – the case of being materialistic does not make them less magic; black magic tends to approach a materialistic quality, simply because it vibrates better with this, but it’s still having it’s proof in theory about magic. We can see that corporations, often, they go evil – but in their local area, everything what can be seen is a true blessing. From this we can see they are using black magic; it creates a bubble of goodness right around you – and as Jews would say, the negative force of the same strength outside of this bubble. You cannot do much more with evil ends.

- Heretic: this word, as well, should be used when one is not religious. I want, anyway, to make it a very special word: it’s when you use your weaker or alternative belief to harm religious people either materially, mentally, or in other ways. Because you are free to practice philosophy, and have your own doubts and differences in thinking; so you cannot be heretic without harming others. I want you to use dictionary definition of christians, not the one from atheists – I mean harming the real Truth, not the “mainstream belief”.
- Witch – use of mental and material power without considering it’s dark side; or, in rare cases, having precisely the dark side in mind.

**The Skepticism**

Method of Doubt, this is a really good thing. But there might happen one things, which is not a good thing – when the doubt becomes your final result, not the process or method.

There is no reason why believe in non-existence of God over existence of God. So if you don’t have arguments on neither side, you need to make sure that if the God exists, you do the good things for God – otherwise, and in all cases, you do them for humanity. Buddha said he leaves it open, whether God exists – you walk your way, get your experience, and finally you might find out yourself. He said it’s a concept too complex for a beginner. He still gave us the Way, which would be the same good whether God exists or not. So, Buddhist, generally, tends to not tell you whether God exists. We know that many crimes have been done under the name of God, and thus, we can see what Buddha meant – looking to all the future, he could see all the crimes, and avoid this topic. What you need is a strong ethical basis, and you also grow into Unity with All – but if God exists,

God is All; so if you grow such kind of unity anyway, then why need you think that God exists or that He does not exist? Some Buddhists, anyway, believe in Brahma, and in different areas, Buddhism did not conquer, but sought for unity, so it learnt from all the areas where it did spread, and you can see Buddhism in unity with different religions; it’s *rich* in such way. All those religions, somehow, also have the unity with each others.

So if you really do not have an argument, whether one or another thing exists or not; you should not attack the others, who do.

I have seen, heard, read about numerous cases:

- Scientist having a mystical experience or discovery, is thrown out from scientific society.
- A government official, after finding out something mystical, is fired.
- A worker for a company, after such event, loses his job.
- A social circle starts to think you are mad as you go through such experience.
- Doctors give you a diagnosis, solely because of your mystic experience.

You can see one common thing, which unites those people – their root chakra is not very open.

Spiritualism is not being seen as sickness on it’s own, but rather in combination with certain weakness, it’s seen as reason and as a reason, which makes your case much more serious – the initial trigger might be something in material or social sphere, where you don’t flow like water. Priests of Church, many well-known authors and enlightened people, who do very well in material world – they do not experience this. So there are good reasons to look into yourself and ask, which life you could live; but we do not expect perfectness from anybody. The non-spiritual people can be much bigger losers than you, but all those things won’t happen – before the experience happened, those people were considered normal, so they cannot be such losers.

Your enlightenment for such things to happen might not be spiritual – it might be social or ethical. It’s that in any way, your higher chakras suddenly show you something; you start to accuse others that they are not so high. A materialist, as he is not a person of high vision and future, of getting better and dreaming – they take this extremely painfully when they hear that they could be better. Also they might feel you are the person who belongs to this better, and does not give them the free access to this – you break their deep spiritual connections, but they behave as if you break their well-earned material connections; but rather the connections were broken already. It’s possible, really, that if you find better means, someone might win them in competition. Materialism is also very stable element – it wants to keep it’s truth and does not want to change, it’s dogmatic.

Now, those people, who do this thing to spiritual people – I want to call them, and solely them, heretics.

**The Material World**

As you can see, heretics have surrounded your material world with the walls. World is something to be shared – we want to get relations straight with government officials, we want to work in business, and we want to do science and get our science heard. Heretic is the one, who is not going to have their own scientific or religious belief, but who is going to break you if you are not on their side in something they do not know; or in some cases – they know, but you are not up to it.

We can see in many cases the spiritual people, who are weak in mathematics and sciences; they fail in getting coherent picture of their belief – they experienced something, but they cannot explain this consistently, so they fail to comply with their dear-hold truth. In this sense, the spiritual people, sometimes they follow a theory and the author made no mistake in these areas, but was

philosophically very strict – but as they read it, they get their points and flashes of truth, but their explanations get really filled with simplifications and truths not being really there; sometimes I see I could myself explain without doing these mistakes. Sometimes it’s so far that I am sceptic myself and have not reached this yet, but they explain it confusingly. So, the spiritual people can be foolish. Centuries ago, all the people were so foolish in scientific questions – they could not explain, how a fire burns, maybe an angel made it so; they fail with causes and effects in their explanations; but still they are alive and they really have experienced the fire, and avoid getting burnt. Even today, if you ask a common cleaner or dishwasher to explain their thing scientifically, you would become really skeptical if you want to hear the truth, and only the truth – but these people are much more educated and they don’t do so big mistakes. But a common spiritual person – they are not so educated in sense that the explanations are coming very slowly; still they have the first-hand experience, and they are able to cope with experiences with others – they remain somewhat skeptical, but they can do this human thing, they are not manipulated, and eventually they learn from this other person; the other person is also not yelling them that “you will suffer after death if you don’t kill yourself now”, or things like this – somehow, all the philosophical problems of manipulation are being easily solved between spiritual people, we know what and how we can trust, and we accept that what we are told about – also the others have their struggle to find the right truth, but something is probably there.

We also see that all religious truth has been used for manipulation – but, doesn’t it hold for scientific truth? This kind of argument does not treat the truth directly, but it makes associations between you and other people. We see that a century ago, when someone told you the truth, they used to sound somewhat sensational – even more with religious truth. They also expected the best – that it cures you now and you don’t need to do anything more, or that something good is going to happen right away. This was a very sensational thing. To control our voice, our realistic

expectations, etc. - modern people have learnt this and they are much more calm; they don’t tell you that miracle is going to heal you right now, but they are more practical; they don’t yell with voices like out of this world, and they do not try to fear you right away. But so are the doctors, the scientists – in all areas of life we can see such evolution of people. Now that people reacted and acted like this – we can see this is lower than we are, and it needed a work to become a modern people; but this does not mean that their sources were wrong – this only means that they lacked some lessons of history.

In the material world, we need one very strong meditation:

- Meditation of the material things and sensations, creating direct awareness of material world, which is not the awareness of getting a salary or good friends to support you – it’s a meditation directly about the material condition of you, the smells, food, and other material attributes of your life. If you don’t have those senses and this energy, you are not doing your material thing yourself – you are depending on others.
- Meditation of Social Material sphere. Social material is the stable process we keep in our society – for example an official represents a social material process for you; it’s not important who is there and what he is thinking, but it’s important that he executes a material

law. He is following the rules, and keeping some element of society as stable and lawful as a material thing. You need to meditate over this material aspect – not the officials, the systems, and the laws, but directly your material interaction with this force; from

perspective of higher dimension or vibration – such human activities can be seen material, they form a stable process with very strict rules.

The importance of not considering the spiritual and social process of this meditation comes from the following: you need to keep up the material world with your material karma, and do it yourself. It’s your own energy and it solves your material karma directly – if you ask another person to do this, you are doing it indirectly. Surely, you need to also meditate to get all these karmic processes straight, but you need to know and see that material world is a world on it’s own, it’s not merely an attribute of a spiritual world; your spiritual energies might be highest of the high, but you lack material process – your mind won’t sense it, your actions won’t reflect it, and the reality you create does not directly involve it. So you have not done your material magic. Consider the following: first, you do not want to be witch, but you want to do your material process by healing your material karma; and second, you know that your attention, especially your meditative attention, on it’s own has the power to heal things. You create a balanced intent, which also goes through all the negative process, which is becoming visible by such awareness – by enlightening your shadow or the dark, subconscious side of your mind, you also work with the negative consequence of your good will; you can not trust a good will – your will must be wise, the quality of goodness you imagine is not the true goodness. Your mind is sensing all the good and bad, which follows; as the end of the process – it probably wants the good things, and money or power are good, especially the enlightened power (everybody can have it at the same time); in their less mature form, they are having contradictions – it contradicts that you get it and he gets it. So you go deep into the shadows of your mind, and you see that those are the external reasons you observe, which keep the good things away ..and those, in one moment of your life, or another life, or in chain of causes and reactions for others, would become also an external reality.

In the material world, we need the Holy War with the following purpose:

- When talking with government official, they would really accept your spiritual desires and motivations.
- You find a company, where spiritual people can work; instead, a materialist could be seen as not following the path and journey of the company.
- You can create science, and when your mistakes are criticized and your work is fixed, it’s done from neutral aspect of view.
- You social circle accepts your spiritual journey.
- When you have a problem, you get a doctor, who has correct diagnosis for your problems with material world, and is able to work with them as spiritually as you.

We need to achieve this on several levels:

- Personal meditation and work: for some people, all those problems do not happen. You need to meditate over the material world, and see that you don’t make mistakes, which would make you a slave or indeed, a pawn here.
- Global meditation and work: you need to know that not everybody becomes so good so easily. We need a world, which is able to attribute all those problems – rescue a spiritual person from doctors, find a place of business so that they can have their own material energy circle which makes them happy, and play all those government roles; also which is moving their paid taxes back to areas, where people like them would gain benefit – it’s not “just money”, but it’s a money forming part of spiritual circle, it needs to empower the source of it and the social or wider needs of such circles. The government tends to move our spiritual money to solely support their own material circle – they don’t build an infrastructure for people like you. For spiritual world – this money is stolen, it’s not a common treasure, but somebody’s else’s treasure.

**Intelligent Spiritual People**

We need to create a *culture* – infrastructure of all areas of work. We need to keep away the heretics, who wish to debunk this – we should use the word “debunk” about a person being emotionally or materially destroyed as they lack a certain kind of intelligence, truth and reason.

We need this thing very much:

- Creating a trivial system of truth for spiritual people, which is able to attribute their spiritual wisdom and show that it’s innocent, not dangerous, true and probable. We need to *teach* *them the arguments*, and work out the connected *rational theories*, and see that it’s all coherent. Then we need to see that they won’t make mistakes about information on material plane. They also need to know inconsistencies of theories of sceptics.

**Examples**

*There is no good and bad energy, but only an energy.*

This is told to be a theorem of physics – but it’s really not, a good energy is what helps us, and bad energy is what does not; and the same way the good potential is good energy, the bad potential is bad energy.

*You cannot break the Laws of Nature.*

This is shown to be also a law of physics, but it’s not. The good things are natural, and the bad things are not natural – nature does not have the property of being in ideal state; this is very important thing to learn that *non-ideal states exist*.

*Brain is mind*

The underlying reality is the same, but we do not understand the mind in terms of brain. The simplest theory sees those two as different aspects, and what you can explain by processes of brain and processes of mind, by simple implications and relations, is very different. Even if brain is absolutely synchronous to our mind – the philosophical aspect of mind is very important, and it’s the feeling.

*Scientifically, physical matter is none alive*

Life is explained by science by it’s material properties like moving, reacting etc. Actually, life is something, what feels and senses. Matter, as humans, is not in ideal condition – we need to see that surely processes of matter have tensions with each others, and they don’t solve it all – this, because

the principle exists universally, the principle of tension and not achieving your ends. In the physics, it’s like every process achieved it’s ends – then, even human is seen as perfectly fulfilling it’s purpose, very directly, because their electrons have no conflict with other things in reality; actually, not all human wishes and intents are fulfilled.

Also, we can see that the process of matter inside and outside is the same, with the same laws of nature – but outside, it’s simpler. Thus, also *how it feels to be in such condition*, must contain an elements of feeling, the simpler particles and processes of feeling – we cannot see a state or transition of matter, where the senses enter it. But then, big systems of matter – they must be even more intelligent. Thus, God exists.

*Evolution is against Creation*

When we study the Evolution, then it’s mathematically convergent algorithm, which leads to Truth by dismissing the lies – this is the principle of God Shiva; the principle of undoing negation (Brahma is about doing, which is positive – Shiva about undoing the negative). As such an important God, Evolutionary principle should be blessed. It’s a mathematical principle beyond evolution – an optimization process, and as it’s a mathematically stable condition, even more universal than the Laws of our Universe themselves; it simply exists, more or less in any kind of possible system. How it feels to be evolution? It must feel creative – our brain, also, does several kinds of optimization, by gradually reaching the truth, and this feels like thinking. In case the universal field is alive, and especially if Theorems themselves have their pain and pleasure; and if also the Negative of Universe is alive – Evolution must be a Mind, which definitely Creates; it thinks until it reaches the truth – it reaches the principles of Unity, principles of Life, and principles of Space between living organisms, with it’s plastic matter. We can mathematically show that Evolution would reach that anyway – now, if God is the Whole, then God must be evolution.

In case evolution would somehow contradict with us being alive, and moving towards perfection – evolution would be wrong; the scientific presentation of evolution and it’s consequences really make it unacceptable for believer; but if you see Evolution as mathematical machine optimizing towards perfection – you see, it actually becomes a good and creative force.

Also, we are part of the Universe and inevitable result of it’s Law, and such is our sexual

psychology and sexual psychology of the whole culture, and any kind of higher laws like Universal Love, which it takes into account – in case the actual selection mechanism of Evolution follows the principles of Love, it’s really an utterly creative force in higher level of our organization.

*That Universal principle of Reward and Punishment does not exist*

I intentionally used the word “punishment”. It comes from one principle I can see, which does not exist in science – the principle of imperfection. By this principle, we are going through processes of becoming perfect; and so does the whole Cosmos – by this principle, electrons and atoms must go through good and bad, and work hard to reach optimization; and by this principle, there exists something to punish – the imperfection within us.

Evolution, as mathematical algorithm, creates many mechanics for reward and punishment. We are a Natural Law, we are inevitably a scientific process, something, which Exists and does that on real, material level as well. We can see that humans themselves are both true, a result of Evolution, and they do *punishment* and *reward* – so it exists at least on some scale (we are a complex organized matter, but inevitably the Law, which slowly becomes into effect in human creation, is a *Natural*

*Law*; it holds as directly and clearly as the laws moving the electrons). Such laws are inherently consistent and we can assume that it builds up as a fractal.

Many reason against such laws, saying that those are there to manipulate people by them understanding them wrong, and that actual law of reward and punishment must be, unlike other processes, completely random and *negative*. It would follow a negative principle of random appearance, something irrational and definitely not true. Also, God does not punish anybody – the whole does not react if the parts are going false.

I say that there exists a mathematical principle by which a physical body (well, spirit as well, but let’s look it at material level) is either True or False, like logic – and if, from you being True, is implied that another person is False ..well, in Infinity, the *Cause* would be removed; in many ways, the Cosmos is looking for *the same trueness*; the Evolution and Creation both following the same truth. What really feels good and bad, is the law of causation itself – Theorem itself feels good if it’s followed, and Bad if it’s not; and this is the Theorem of Ourselves, which is such feeler part in us – and, then, the molecules and atoms as well should feel better if they are more true; but, in

Evolution, exists such process of Theorem – so the Evolution must feel!

**Against the Positive**

We can say that Truth is Positive, and this is all we must Feel. Our feelings are in neurophysical organization – there exists a correlation between inner and outer world; and as we feel bad, also our condition becomes worse. This definitely holds true – but how can we say that feeling good, and good things happening, is the complete truth? Even in life of God, we can see story of Christ, who had somehow reached the opposite – Negative life somehow appeared to be True, or rather it appeared False. The situation of False occurs in several ways – it occurs in Evolution, and also in our thinking; it’s principle is the principle of *experience*. Universe, knowing well the results of it’s experience, still needs to experience them – to gain *force* to get over these.

I learnt this from Carl Custav Jung, reading his sentence that we need all the emotions, positive and negative, for the complete harmonics – I just felt into the negative and started to consciously go through the process. My life definitely turned to worse, as I was going too far – you need to balance it somehow, because it’s a strong force; but it’s a force of experience. I call this a law of

imperfection – there is something in Cosmos, which really needs a negative experience, and which wants to become like Shiva, or like Evolution; it wants to go, often physically and materially, through negative, to learn from this experience. This is the life of Christ – I think God could not even prove, completely, to himself that he does not have such thing to happen, unless he once went through this ..this is the possible explanation, different from the ones given – but a very important aspect. I think that Cosmos itself will feel an attraction of such negative quality – once it’s strong enough to go through it. As you are not strong enough – it’s bad for you ..but becoming strong enough, and going through things which are kind of calling – you transcend them into positive processes; often it’s not so real and material – negation can never become completely true ..but it’s the way of Negation, to die in such way that it at least vibrates on the potential field; and in many cases, there is a lot to learn.

We see many positive people.

The people of the world are really positive, and they believe in themselves. Thus they hate revolutionary people – the people, who get a message of the better world (like spiritual people) and

thus, start to dislike the life as they see it ..it’s an opportunity to grow, and it’s so even if they want to do more and more revolutions – we could learn from those people. But, in reality, a person who is on the path of non-violent revolutions, often gets hate – so much is the Ego of the Society, that it does not want to see itself in such way; it wants to believe in Positive Values. So, without seeing the better world, your own Positive Value does not go into paradox.

In the same way, officials are *friendly*. They follow the decisions of other officials to the dead ends, just to be friendly – in this way, when they never fix their mistakes, they would not insult each others, and they do not scare others with the possibility of getting fired. This is also a social Ego – we see that givernment, as a structure, has an ego; it has a picture of itself it keeps together. You would search this from their positive affirmations, which they repeat at the mirror – it’s the truth of these affirmations, which keeps them *friendly*.

We can see many positive qualities the people have, and they all tend to turn out similarly – they create a big ego on the level of superego. They assume that other people are good, so they dislike people, who talk bad about others; they have their self-worth, so you cannot point out their mistakes. They have a very general picture that the world is not mistaken – so they are in stable, linear system, which goes better only inside a very strict limit.

**The past wars**

We see two wars in the past, which have influenced the western world:

- The war of church against the pagans.
- The war of philosophy against the church.

This is actually the same war – the war of the church, and the war against this war, they are the same war.

In the past, the wars were with weapons – I think the western world has learnt a lot from this war. But now, we see that the *dogma* is once again strong, and now it’s visible in the processes of power and money. I think this time, the war is needed on this subtle level, to make people free once again – as I did show, when you are spiritual, you tend to lose power and money, unless your root chakra is very strong and open.

I think those spiritual people, who have struggle on material level – in my Law of Imperfection, I think it’s important experience for them we can not stop; but what we can do is to give them good ends for winning this war; and maybe we can provide some help ..I think on material level, we need to find our inner force, and so we can somewhat ignore the enemy – it’s also a personal war against your own stupidity; but I think that in the end, the ecosystem and politics of the world can not be controlled by people, who are on the other side of this war. There must be open space – their tax division, and their decisions, can rather happen in lives of people like themselves; they cannot really control the spiritual people, who often do not follow the laws they see – for example, they see many human weaknesses, as real laws, which really do not exist inside these spiritual people; the Ego of the Society often sees them wrong – they attribute many qualities to weaknesses of normal people, which are not there. I have seen some of such theaters, where common people see just a big illusion, by attributing their own mistakes and trying to explain others as if they had those – this kind of theater is dangerous.