# Karma and Material Meditation

**Karma and Material Meditation**

**Karma**

Imagine two persons A and B. Metaphysically, one is True when it’s alive, and one is False when it’s not alive, also if it’s not even capable of being alive. Life exists in many degrees, and let’s call the point connecting Physical Death and Life a point Zero – in my mathematics, Zero is often impossible, so the exact Zero or U is unknown, whether it’s dead or alive (in my math, Zero usually denotes unknown – many important dimensions are more capable of being on both sides in Zero distance, but exact Zero is rather unknown or average of them; so I defined Zero as average of +1 and -1, where I often need -1 as lack of something – then it’s said to be point at upper side of U, which is numerically equal to minus number, so big is it’s unknown or not attracting factor; usually you need to attract positive number with force, to get it happen, and those near-U or inside-U numbers are so weak that they are equal to counter-force; for example society can be so incapable with some problem that their incapability becomes as strong as counterforce). I use the word “Neuton” for U logical value, and V-Neuton for the V logical value (V is written upside-down U and pronounced as O with lower voice), V is the point where infinity and minus-infinity meet, or the angle at Zero, which would be created if those two were as infinitely close to each others as +0 and -1, often written O and A in my mathematics, in where O and A do not equal -1 and +1.

So A is Alive and Living itself, when it’s True, and Dead or not Living itself, when it’s False. To create positive quality in Cosmos to solve you logically and forcefully as Life, or as Positive, you need to do the Life Things also – for example, produce good Karma.

So the Law of Karma happens, when either A => B or A => not B or A !=> B or not B; where A either implies B (that you are alive implies others are alive, or in higher degrees of trueness, that you live very much implies that others live very much). Especially if the connection of Karma goes further with positive force, the value you imply is also your own logical value. Thus, you get your Karma back. Karma, most directly exercises Force upon the process itself – the A => B; it supports you to do a certain thing as the thing is True. Second, by higher-order implication, it can imply you or not you; for example, it can imply that you need to lose certain force or money, which you use to hurt the other person.

**Negative Karma or the Evolution**

Negative Karma is the Force in Nature, which would destroy the processes of Karmic Connections as they get negative. Through this Force, Yin or Material in Nature, the Karmic Processes, which grow Negative, they die in the end. Natural selection occurs of the stronger Force, which is able to keep A => B, A => C, and B => D, and the complete fractal growing out from these connections, which create a larger True value in the Nature.

Imagine all the people, animals, and animals on the edge of extinction are going to be reborn later as they die. This is not because their weared and old structure would not be reborn, but rather, which is reborn, is their original reason – every creature has a specific reason, every single person has distinct mathematical and logical reason to exist. This reason is the part of one, which feels deeper pain and happiness, and in all it’s rational and irrational dynamics it’s the Meaning of Our Life. Every distinct meaning is different, in Root chakra becoming into many small meanings and in

crown chakra, the meanings of all people unifying into One Meaning. Later in Crown chakra becomes to be the Meaning of God, the Cause and Effect of it’s Existence, and it’s dynamics. All those meanings contain Positive and Negative side, their mathematical optimization finally gives answer True, but it also has to work with subconscious Negative, to Transcend it – then it is, Transcended Negative and also, Transcended or Turned-into-Reality Positive. It lives in the Middle of these values – Working (negative value) and Ejoying the Effects of this (positive value); those negative and positive are ought to be in balance. It works on Material, Mental and Spiritual plane (this Hermetic division divides all 7 chakras into 3 categories – Spiritual (3 higher chakras), Mental (center 3) and Material (lower 3); more or less like this. It also overcomes fears (highly negative) and creates his dreams (highly positive).

In infinity, if something produces False values, it’s False itself – the Reality is going to connect into Reality or Heaven the ones who Solve things, on Earth (half-existence) the ones who do not yet Solve, and in Hell the ones who solve, but in Opposite Direction. Hell is non-existence in sense that things growing in it are blocked to become the Actual Values – Reality cannot be False, even if Beings can be Directed to make it False. True value is Logical Truth and in process, it happens anyway.

Evolution is Negative force of Selection. Spiritually, it has to be Blessed as it’s one of the Forces, which created us – the material, yin Force. By our Materialistic Science, yin forces can be *proven*; to prove a yang element, you have to use Spiritual Science. On Material Plane, you have both Yin and Yang elements – but you cannot prove Heaven.

Ideas, thoughts and other processes go through Evolution – the weaker ones disappear.

Evolution is the process of Selection – but it’s a Creative Force behind all the material from which it Selects. It’s completely negative force, it cannot create the ones to be selected, in the first place. So there has to be a creative force also behind Evolution, but it’s not selecting so much, what to create, but creating all kinds of forms and shapes – or, the other possibility, some of them are created to be destroyed.

**Positive Karma or Co-creation**

As Negative Karma is the Selection or Destructive Process of Less Painful, Positive Karma is the Creative Process.

Materially, our Mating Psychology is Positive Karma – it’s creative force along evolution, very serious and painful or blessing, and it creates by Dream. The Dream of Love can be felt as being over every other dream, as it’s the Creation of a being as whole; also it’s the Creation Process of Cooperation – those are interconnected, that which Cooperates, wants to become One on all levels, so also the Love connects on Social Level – we connect our Friends. To Evolution, it accompanies as Creative process, and for example a species does not get extinct, but they do not mate with one another – then, also, the Evolution would choose one over another. This process is as free as selections of herbs or animals; by this process, we create *cultures*, not *species*. We should assume that somehow, the Sex also is a Creative Force to create new forms, not only a Selection Process – it happens anyway in higher-organizational patterns seen by our higher chakras, but let’s guess it also happens on lower planes. Finally, does the material itself create more symmetric forms, the future having effect on past? For light waves, their future is said to directly affect their past – but is it true for Light Waves known as Humans?

**Yin and Yang Karma**

Karma is Holistic, Spiritual, Yang element – any Karma you produce anywhere, affects you as a Complete Value of Logic – what you do, is all united into one Value as you completely exist or do not exist. In case you are False, your First Reason is still True – it has to create a creature like you, but if you completely reject this better you, you won’t be born as this – you continue your nostalgic existence on Lower Planes, where you create a separate Reality; but it’s not Real in sense that the value of Whole would not be affected – it has to be True, and in infinity, infinitely True; and infinity is infinitely approaching; this infinitely True I call Posetive or Cosine, but current Truth as Positive or Cone – the Logic Machine Reality makes the Whole True, and the rest it makes the Rest. For example, say people have no say in political process – then they are less real by this aspect of Political Reality of the Whole Country; they have their small local politics, like politics of their home, for example when to talk, but this does not Exist. So they are the Rest.

Karma is also Direct, Material, Yin element – for example, if you hurt the person, or a group, the very same person or group is connected with bad karma, you expect less from them.

Karma is local or material as it creates Cycles of Energy on all levels. For examples, if your Karma towards Material Plane is bad, you won’t create cycles there, and you material luck is less than your spiritual luck, where you produce. This is the yin aspect of Karma – you create energy cycles, which are either growing or shrinking in the array of logic of Karma, and those get together. Karma is also Yang – as you help someone to achieve Peace, you might also get a material feedback, good Karma on another plane – in such way it is Holistic. It’s the True value that in the end, Karma will always do it’s work – by Evolution and by Creation. By Evolution, all ways of Karma are tried, but the ways which produce Energy or Truth are to grow in Power, and slowly Conquer the other processes to form a Species, or to slowly connect together to form a Culture.

**Material Evolution**

Material Energy forms Hologram, or in any point of the Space your eyes can see and your ears can hear – so there are the Holograms of Light and Sound reflecting the Whole Surroundings. This is also what all matter, which is there, would sense – yin element is not very sensitive to through in it’s original form, but it’s Reacting.

This Hologram also *repeats* the form – for example Crystals tend to grow where such Holograms are present in the Air.

This principle of Growth is visible in many different forms of matter – it spreads the same pattern, frequency or form indefinitely in Space, but this is Locally Stronger, so it’s a Yin element. Somewhere, the complex pattern of the Whole (Heavens and Earth, not so much the Hell) will produce the United Vibration, the Harmonic Vibration of that All. This has a lot to do with Manifestation of God, which is the Whole, and which then feels the Pleasure and Pain in this connected structure, or general logic.

As the Growth becomes into material form again – like Crystal creates Crystal –, also the vibration which is Selected by Material Evolution, whether it forms Equilibrium, is Stronger. So in this Negative Way of Evolution, Things definitely Think – or Materially, they Evolve. Existence of a Form is rather a vibration than a specific Thing.

**Material Meditation**

Let’s assume that as Karma has it’s Yin element, namely the Karma we product in Material World, and also the exponentiality of it – whether A => B&B, B in Power Two or more B; whether the positive effect grows on the way, stays stable or shrinks together. All the beings keep their energy produced in their energy circles, and when they help an united energy, higher vibrations, they have their part more or less in it; sometimes, anyway, this happens in future – the Good wins in the End, not immediately.

So as you meditate upon *things*, you work for your *material outcomes*. It also affects the yang element of your Karma – as your material outcomes are better, you can help the spiritual,

intellectual, philosophical and other spheres ..but for those spheres, it’s harder to help your *material karma* if it’s not good on it’s own, because the *energy circles* or *truth circles* (energy being True, as it is a positive energy – when it produces Death, it must be the negative energy, or a neutralizer of negative energy – but the latter, asmuch the Truth Value is concerned, produces True, produces Life, and produces one Paradox called Conflict – there is a conflict inside us, whether we are producing good or bad, and we must be sure to put this into philosophical test and to see that the prime reasons of that person are restored; on a plane, where we kill him – for example we kill him in our own life, as he is not there any more he is kind of dead in relation to our reality, our system of coordinates, or a bad politician we could kill in political plane, where he does not exist being voted down). Death and Life are kind of basic evolutionary terms – now as we kill him in one sphere, as a result they usually start living on another (when we do not have death punishments). Of course you can think it further into a war or punishing a criminal. So there are circles in material sphere – and if you do not live in one circle yourself, also you truth value *should* be False there; for example when you don’t go to work, you are fired – you do not live, but as a result, false becomes true and you are not let to live. Complete life transcends all those spheres so you are completely alive when you are alive in all those spheres; otherwise you do not feel Life Inside, so I use the words Dead and Alive to show the Evolution and Creation of Culture here. For some Culture, the species not being breed with them seem as extinct – a living race of a culture of plant are the other plants by which they are breed. The real death forms a Fractal here – if you are really dead, you are being born to *another dimension*, *another world*, into a *hell* – if connection is broken between two worlds, they see each others as Dead, but the Heaven World still creates *Reality*, it’s alive – the Hell world cannot create Reality, it process is blocked, as False, before it becomes *Real* – so it’s dead. It’s a reality only from him. So to be real, Reality itself must participate – but there are Truer and Truer, more and more Real realities; there are Futures and their even higher heavens, and the Potentials you can make occasionally true, and Miracles – the Reflections of Higher Reality; thus the Real person is the one, who climbs the stairs, not the one who is there – who is there, not moving any more, will one day be behind.

Now, assume this thing about Material Meditation:

- As you meditate Materially, your *material condition* itself is growing, and it has nothing to do with people, who bring those material things, or other things happening on higher planes; the material plane itself is energized. For example, you meditate upon better living room – the energy raised through meditation is in dynamics with the salaries, work opportunities etc., but in the matter, the tension becomes into the *material process itself*, and not the interrelated mental or spiritual realities. Your material sensations start to directly see the future and they directly avoid or attract material circumstances; you do not work to get money and buy things, but your energy is directly connected to those things. It’s sure you

have to work for them, but your direct energy is material – there becomes a *magnet*, which attracts *things*.

Meditation can have effect on all three planes:

- Material Plane: you are aware of those material goals you have and you take action accordingly.
- Mental Plane: you have effect on yourself as dynamics, or effect on your subconscious, so you do not notice, but you move in this direction; you see direction on complex actions and the movement you make is more complex than you can see, but it works in the given direction; you make moves without noticing.
- Spiritual Plane: you make the process *conscious*, and your *mind is directly working with no* *movement involved*. This is not seen by material science, as it does not create direct causalities on material plane, but much higher order organization and causalities. You can see Karma also happening here, very directly – on material plane it happens through money, for example, people give it away for work and take back for crimes.

**Meditation Itself**

Meditations are the following:

- As you feel *material sensations*, either inside you when you lie down or outside of you when you walk, you turn Attention to them. Attention becomes Awareness – you start to notice such things –, which becomes consciousness – you are constantly conscious of them, and consciousness is finally *overwhelming your senses* – you can see, hear, smell, taste the new reality, all those senses start to create their models and they get new frequencies by this – so they are the completely new qualities, which do not resemble the old ones, for example mental fire is seen as red, but this red is not the same color and it’s perfectly mixable with red of material fire, which is always distinct. But first: as you lie down, sit or walk, you pay attention to material aspects of your senses – you also get a mental image of a house on your way, but you want to be aware of all the *material*, direct sensations of that house. So you discriminate them at any moment where they are appearing and you make them stronger.

From simpler parts, they become into patterns and complex wholes. Attention has the positive qualities: *attention* makes you create better karma towards those things, and to generally consider them more; you don’t have to know what is good material karma – attention, it’s a creative force and takes care of that.

- In a room, sense the *material sensation* and all sensations of this room. You feel how a force becomes to be, which attracts such rooms or keeps them away from you. You might have a good spiritual connection with a person, but maybe you just don’t create the right space for this connection, on the material level – it’s a lack of energy and maybe turns this into non- material connection, so that you never truly meet in the reality. You need your chakras to be active on all planes. Always feeling the rooms starts creating force, which leads you to better rooms.
- As you feel material danger, pay your attention. For example, when you are in train station and the train comes – for a moment, you get a material feeling of how it would be if this train hits you. Bring this into your attention, and feel it – so the force becomes stronger than

the train does not hit you. As you create a consciousness of these sensations of danger, you create a *material shield* – all the random things in your life unite through *material logic*, which is not how you avoid the dangers with decisions like don’t go close to train, but it’s how you directly exert on the fact of being safe of this danger, and this starts reshaping and affecting things on *material level*, not on the level of how your intellectual and emotional, also physical activities relate to this matter. Sure, this energy has to be in union with those other energies – but the actual magnet would be on the physical plane itself. Meditate upon the direct, material sensations about dangers of natural disasters in your area – maybe this force leads you away from the area, but maybe it makes you avoid the dangers or avoids them directly, the force becomes into your connection with this direct material force; not with it’s psychological part: for example, people are psychological creatures and get hurt, so you fear that your psychological entity would lose connection with those psychological entities – but what you are directly interested in, is the *material sensation*, not the

*psychological sensation*, which you want to be connected with and which you want to avoid *directly*, *in addition* to your psychological meditations. This force might guide your activities and the material streams, but the very same force can sometimes be up to miracles – so to alchemical process of transmutating matter to higher form, only this process is the direct and natural way; which also does not exercise whichcraft or trying to be over material laws – you follow them *more*, not less, and a miracle happens because it’s *higher* law, whereas a whichcraft can also happen because you *break the law*. So you cannot be powerful and do anything, as you cannot this in ethics and society, but you can be *creative* and this *creativity* does not *know the limits*. This is the difference between affirmations, lower magic, and the direct spirituality – in spirituality you *create* and this is not a *control* in sense of control which also controls the laws. Creation, it has all the positive qualities of control, but not the negative ones – sure, *control* in a right position can be a *part of creation*, and thus if the which would be doing it ethically, that one is creation as well.

- You see material bodies all around: feel how you sense about such material structures, and do you want to create or destroy them.
- Feel the material processes of the world: nature, factories, garbage collectors. Feel the material process and how you sense about them. You create higher force upon this.
- Feel about your computer and then feel about all the material process – factories, garbage, but also how it helps the world to use computer. Be aware on it’s positive sides and the negative ones – then, be aware on *both at the same time*, and the *connection between them*.

This kind of attention makes the *wholes* to *solve*, so that solves your attitude, action and energy towards them. Maybe we can produce computers from completely natural materials? Maybe this is already done when a future person reads this, but then he can create a stronger positive connection between these cycles. About this process – computers, their use and garbage –, feel the *material process*, also the feeling you get when you look or touch or sense this garbage, and when you look or touch or sense the goods; also, you can connect more planes than material, especially about the goods of the computer – but in how it works and produces garbage, there are lots of material processes involved; you are not interested how it binary-works, but it uses electricity for example, creates electric fields, and needs to contain certain materials with certain feeling.

- Feel how the materials are growing higher in the nature: from ashes and dust, diamonds, plants and life forms, and many beautiful structures are formed. These structures fill us with good feelings.

This creates new action towards matter, but it’s also the *shortest path* to direct miracles, where the matter is transformed instantly – the right way is to grow our attention and feelings, and achieve better karma. For this, we use meditation – you feel your body, health, it’s connection when you lie; but you try to raise attention also when you act and walk. You discern: you can feel your body entirely as mental entity, and you feel a lots of body; feelings inside your organs, etc.; this is a good meditation to feel how your body feels – but, for this to be *material*, you want to feel direct *material sensations* about your body. In the same way, about people, you feel which elements they consist of, and how those elements affect their actions – you can feel them as thoughts, feelings and desires, but you feel the material dynamics of them; for this use the buddhist system of five elements for example – mentally, they are mental forces, and expression of them, which is not rational, but rather simply reacts. In your mind, there is an aspect of simply reacting. Feel this aspect of people and this brings you closer to process of matter you can more easily compassionate with – the mental matter of people. In mathematics, there is a material aspect – Truth, in reality, does not directly appear, but it grows; in many ways, about the presence of truth, and even the existence of it – for example it’s not truth that people should do something they do not understand yet, first they have to do things they do understand, so truth itself about them – what is True for them, what they should do – exists inside space of time, it also depends on whether they have reached this, the potential or the actual truth value of this activity. In such way, Truth is a living entity, in the manifestation of Truth the Truth value itself is bound to Space and Time – it might be *higher* truth, but it’s not for *here* and *now*, for example, a future medicine might be better than our medicine, but as we don’t know the future medicine – this is the Truth which we know, it’s a thing we must create and through existance of this medicine of here and now, Truth about Medicines can have effect; but we can see that this Truth is changing through material conditions. Feel the Element in the Process of Truth, and how Truth in this reacts as matter, so that Truth itself is being shaped and changed in Time.