# Karma

**Spireason – Spiritual and Mathematical mix I write.**

This is somehow useful for AI as well, but for human mind –more. We have to develop humans as we develop AI’s, so that the machine would not kill our creativity.

**Dimensions of Infinity**

If you don’t want hard math, jump to the next, spiritual part, starting with “chakras”. It does not depend so much, but it uses similar properties of infinities :)

Where we can count infinities? Angle of Circle gradually changes as we change it’s size – yet it’s formulae goes unchanged. Those all angles contain infinite number of points, but they have different relations with each others. Sharp angles make the same angle (angle between two end points inside them), but with infinitely less points – only one point. Here we can see positive numbers above zero, which is important part of my own math I have developed meanwhile.

Second dimension of infinity comes in, when, in addition to multiplication – straight line to infinity in my math, where numbers are defined so that their ends definitely touch infinities, it’s not worth counting 1 if in infinity, infinity of them would not give a positive function into this infinity as well -; well, that multiplication is always added to unit for these two numbers multiplied, or divided positively – I have positive and negative multiplication and division, four operations thereof. For example, 2 cm * 2 cm = 4 cm^2 (squared). 4 cm^2 / 4 cm^2 = 1 cm^4, which is different for original unit of 1. These positive numbers could be denoted as ** and */ - they overly define that dimension is always added after operation, so that we have space on number range, which can tolerate that the growth rules of number of zero-wide units (original zero, here, becomes infinitely large, and this to normal number, normal number to infinity gives two times positive – two times the inverse matrix is turned 1 polarity unit onwards). I use system, where IOAE mean -2, -1, 1 and 2. I don’t have 0 as number, but as 1 octave smaller unit, which does not break the continuity between 1 and -1, so that this dimension is sometimes only presence or absence of the same thing, but sometimes the polarity. I use U and upside-down version of U to mean the point between the -1 and 1, and point between two ends of infinity, which sometimes makes circle and sometimes makes wheel. Six numbers in total. Often, O and A are the full numbers and I and E are same amounts of numbers, but growing/shrinking an infinity-long version of the same function, so that it’s either positive or negative in infinity – which shadows it’s local value. This is one vibration level up. This makes 4 and now let’s imagine this is 3.5 units of 4 numbers between any four chakras in order.

Then, I use À and È to continue them down and Í and Ó as next numbers up – at the end of this number, at which point the out-wards-circular form becomes into 0 in both directions. For this I also use 10 numbers, which are now much more complex. 1,2,3,4 equal I,O,A,E (if it’s a natural number, it’s started from I, which is near-compressed to digital system 10). What happens with 2, in all directions – also in multiplication direction? 2 is naturally aligned to infinity, which we can see that

moving this logarithm left and right is very symmetric to multiplying and dividing with simple orders of 2. 4 breaks 2 two times, and this makes information-full field of 2 independent numbers.

5,6,7,8 go up and down as well, but in their center is positive or negative movement of infinity.

Often we want to see the infinity number in position of close number and vice versa; overall, you want to mix dimensions I call R and T – RTRTRT pattern means that infinity and locality

dimensions make up two dimensions where RRR is growth in infinity, and TTT in locality, with the current number direct connections. Numbers can be continued in directions R and T – now, numbers 1-8 can be continued indefinitely. 9 and 0 are **after** the total breaking point of number, where synchronously aligned size-angles of circle break the full cycle, so that the dimension goes up – and dimension is infinity, a fragment of this herein. Somehow, outwardly sphere made by 8 chakras make a perfect circle here – 8 and 1 already touching the U and upside-down-U now. Lower part is instinctive, upper part is creative. This is one Mathematical octave human can do – and every octave is repeated in the same sphere, once it becomes mathematically aware of this new sphere. It winds the addition-substraction in the lowest part between the legs, and multiplication-division in the highest. This means – human body as a whole, in some relation close to ½, multiplies the sphere of one octave, replicating it to two times size. When you go inside, you repeat this process. Now, when you go inside U or outside upside-down-U, inside which are the upper and downer octaves. Inside, the top and bottom most points are infinities after U or O (I use the sound low-O for upside-down-U; I use more or less Estonian-like pronounce for these letters, but maybe English would fit as well, as it contains these separate letters) have been overcome. Octave up and U or O becomes random chance between OA for U and IE for O. I call this Laegna Mathematics and it’s actually a lot more complicated, but now we are more interested about infinities. I can say that digits, which go inside their own infinities inside the frequencies of them – they make infinity-frequent numbers, often thought as locally the same sized with local number, but mathematically simply having the same frequency with different value, where number system can invert in both directions several times – one inversion at 4 numbers making up infinity shift, locally as long as normal shift, but worth one exponent value. As range of number system grows, plus and minus eventually end – exponent function of space growing outwards in all directions does not contain those plus and minus any more, but they make up a long, infinitely long function before that. Now, it takes effort to make up continuing plus and minus. In small numbers, the same plus and minus is exponentially bigger – like multiplication is infinitely bigger as numbers go up into which it’s applied. Investment in the beginning is bigger than investment in the end, and so the addition of this number grows exponentially inwards. Added numbers make up a logical dimension, which creates exponent outwards – logic itself, in it’s completness, closes into circles and when those spheres come together after a full circle (sphere in 3D here is circle in 2D – scalar dimension of it is a circle, as you can go into 2 opposite directions of reason, for example me to you and you to me direction, karma, and eventually they meet into the same; this applies to any kind of logic, thus to life). This is an universal dimension of Karma, but it’s also a neutral logical unit.

Dimensions between point, line and a square add one new infinity with newtonian crossings – imagine point, circle and sphere creating another, more symmetrical dimension in the same place, which also looks symmetric from infinity – I often use my numbers directly expressing that. Now, here we can see that 4 * 4 = 16, where we have 4x * 4x = 16x^2, where we can see that in R squared space it becomes having infinity of more dots in range, should the infinities be real. In discrete number dimension, whole number dimension where every number is a point – one octave down – form a symmetric infinity to those points, which down even need a unit. For numbers below

average of 1, the size starts going down when you multiply two numbers – like 0.5 * 0.5 is 0.25 instead. But 0.5 x * 0.5 x is 0.25 x^2 goes up – small square, indeed, contains infinitely more points from the original lines, one-dimensional objects. Now, all those infinities we have seen are *quantitative*, not *qualitative* infinities. Both sectors of intinities are worth considering – qualitative infinity, in any dimension, would never end, and thus they are all equal.

X between 0..9 added to next number, but having multiplier which is divided by 10 after each step, gives an infinite series for any one number. Now, lets imagine we smoothly add to this calculation, until we grow sometimes up – in infinite series – from this dimension. Instead of jumping into qualitative infinity, we slowly look the angles changing in the quantitive infinity – which is symmetric to the case that when you go, in multiplication, to the squared unit which is also dimensionally square, or rectangle being it’s three-dimensional equivalent, we can see that from 0 to any positive number, we jump one infinity, but all those infinite-long summations of infinities (straight line also contains infinite number of points) are qualifyable. Addition number we see here meets in higher dimension – when we use higher and lower frequencies of the numbers, we can see that if we divide the number with 9.99 instead, in every step, and not by 1, it meets an exponent dimension in a way that it ends at some point, and comes back with discrete value, which is a bigger infinity. If, instead, we come up with having 1’s and dividing them with nothing, in row, we see a whole full angle added to this infinity – now, we should look our infinite dimensions in terms of angles, and sums of those angles.

They always grow or shrink the dimensions, which can be grown or shrinken in both times – this is the effect of having not only too negative, but also too positive numbers. But in both directions, you can grow with value – like acrobat, enjoying some dimension or body posture or activity, which was dangerous, hard or impossible before, like jumping to the water. This goes up in negative

dimension, providing expansion of number axe in negative dimension – maybe, squared units for negative numbers create some symmetry here? You can see that my negative-to-positive numbers go straight from minus to plus, instead of turning 180 degrees. 0 simply is not symmetric if it does not have those full numbers not breaking their absence and presence rules meanwhile. In logic, inside some 0 – and 0 is going downwards for any dimension the number might reside in, and it grows in them – I call the unit k when it creates several opposites herein, like Taoistic number – it meets itself again with new space coordinates, and it can make opposite directions move in the same time, without touching each others. This is what I call Taoism – do without doing etc. I call this unit k or Taù in my calculations, and this ù is there to say that my math language is still another language to the one, where it’s called Tao. Rather something similar. But they meet up somewhere with the same math.

Next place of quantitive infinity is, where the functions of growing numbers go straight up or straight down – the same 0, it does infinity-longer angle so that it turns into 90-degree angle, but then, still, somewhere continues and takes the next angle.

What is the difference between 1-4 and 1-8 dimensions, where 4-8 is symmetric to 1-4 and U and O multipliers start moving in inversions, putting the mean number to higher and lower frequencies. In low level of energetic circulation, this is done only once – lets call it addition and multiplication, as those are half of octaves – and two halves gives one, herein -, and multiplication and division give half up of the same unit; multiplication after multiplication, now with four numbers, goes up to direction of infinity. You can go up with number one and you see that it’s a symmetric number – it takes whole infinity to reach to infinity by multiplying ones together, but remember that we have to

square the number also. 4 as basis of the number system has now passed two tests – it’s straight to the infinity and pairs 2 and 2 on both sides are a perfect number for measuring two interdependent variables as 2 independent variables, this is the unit from both sides to see, where the threes or four states have naturally the same prime numbers – and in binary, you can count the inportant primes of powers of two quite well. With symmetry like this in base 5, maybe we need 25 as basis to our system, and for 2 and 5 we could need 100 instead of 10, so for number system having powers like this, 4 is very good basis – it easily converges in infinity.

Physics and Alchemy of Infinity

This, now, contains physics instead of math.

What is infinity? Between two people there is an infinity – we are the whole numbers and we go through whole number rule, that they make up infinitely small infinities, numbers with perfect properties in relation to infinities – the case that multiplying two numbers makes them equal or bigger, not smaller, gets perfectly fit to operations in infinities and we don’t need so much adding powers of units of two numbers. 5 cm^6 * 10 cm^9 = 50 cm^15, where 6 + 9 = 15. This number won’t forget that squares are infinitely bigger than lines, even with small numbers. What if the numbers become negative? Going through some level of infinities – and we can see + or – go straight through zero, but operations with division and multiplication find infinity in between – they can never get over zero. Operations with those two depend on order – as sooner you start to add, as bigger is the sum, given that you do the same number of multiplications and sums; the sum goes exponentially larger downwards in the operation, whereas multiplication is more useful afterwards in relation to this. It directly goes upwards non-stop. So investments are more important to one downwards, and less to the one, who has already achieved this – which is a multiplier, number with differential of more than first level. This is non-linear dimension.

Earth is infinitely large, because it’s straight line – there are bigger and smaller infinities and we can see that with bigger objects, we can see the infiniteness of this infinity. Molecules are infinitely small, because they give solid forms upwards. Light speed is infinite, human life is infinite as it’s infinite in moments we can feel, and points in this continuous line. Where the body becomes flat and still, but moving faster and faster near speed of light – it has reached the boundary of infinite bubble of the space. These are quantitative infinities. Rich has money infinitely more than poor – because for him, it’s impossible to exactly count the money relation change if he alone spends money like the poor does – maybe only the inefficiency effect of the reward is countable.

Natural numbers are half smaller than numbers, which go downwards also – maybe even more in Laegna system, where 0 does not exist. Sometimes I count the minus numbers as well by the upward edge, in which case O is 0 instead of -1 – the number begins at -1, but ends at 0, not -2, so it fills the space in between. Where I need zero, in means that nothing is added and nothing is removed, I use either U or O counting upwards or I simply don’t care as the numbers with even number of pixels on screen are as good as the ones with an odd number; this change between 0 and 1 size of U and whether I allow only one U for all the numbers or I allow U for every digit – this enriches my number play and I have operations in between.

For one moment, let’s look the exponentiality of plus as minus – to grow a company, we only add one worker; but the function of work of workers pass many time through one-another and thus, a small exponential value is added – by this, I mean the one, which raises integral of level two over

one, correspondence to original unit. Acceleration becomes accelerated, this I call exponentiality – this is not a mathematical term, but used often in life as with some function of time, we can see the exponentiality (we have to choose another number of zero to our near-infinite functions).

As natural numbers create one unit of infinity, number scale going into infinity in both directions – it’s exactly two times bigger especially in case my LaeGNA numbers are used (in Estonian, it sounds like Top DNA with D replaced by G – acceleration – and the rest sounds very similar, so it’s my artistic expression to say that infinities should get us further from DNA, which controls quite repetitive patterns, not the acceleration). Maybe, in the higher dimensions there is GNA which is complex process still guiding the development of genes – maybe it’s an evolution itself, not the products, indeed doing it through infinite functions? And, maybe, the evolution itself, by acts of creativity and foreseeing of effects, maybe through chemical process of bigger reaction between loving genes – maybe it still has some intelligent impact? But more importantly, maybe by being directed to mathematically more solid base, it’s how evolution itself eventually evolves? Once it does, it wont turn back, that’s clear – beginning of this, maybe, is in terms of multiplication and division as probable as the start of evolution determination was, in terms of addition and

subtraction. I want to see what if you meditate on the topic more deeper: what if evolution itself evolves? What if it has all the cause and reason traps to do this? The effect of this is not impossible – but more importantly, it’s not zero. Love itself, it’s attraction and detraction, is mathematical process controlling the possibilities of reaction between DNA molecules ..should this dance evolve, it evolves our GNA, soul code.

**Aftermath**

Chakras in total make up one Octave in my terms and this, only one time goes together to where the geometric dimension, towards infinity and zero, goes out of full frequency zone – angle of circle of such size goes under zero or over infinity, going down- or upwards in zeros of zero and antizeros of infinity, turning inversion into smooth, everlasting dimension – and, in number symmetry, I and E make half steps towards this symmetry. Distance from I to E is whole step, half infinity – infinity itself by it’s square as I call this special operation, now the next level of intinity or qualitative infinity, is in the other end where we have taken R exponent – exponented the unit space itself – and reached a space where plus or minus are finite operations, and 1 plus 1 plus 1 infinitely many times still indeed ends somewhere, like series of digits after comma definitely end up somewhere. We can measure this more and more commas – like the infinite size of earth is this, but giving us some digits “before” comma in infinity – one comma is on the right side of whole numbers, but the other one on the left; lets write it up. Sometimes I use numbers like small-caps and big-no-caps to turn letters as well into 4. Capital and non-capital units kind of make the octave-lenght (outwards) or number-lenght (inwards) difference between numbers. I use the numbers creatively and I need all those dimensions – but in my eyes, difference between 9000000 and 10000000 is so small that I don’t look at it so much, as them get closer it fades away to infinity. So sometimes I let my numbers with digits grow very fast, and big numbers are rounded out like with floating point numbers.

**Chakras**

As I promised, you can continue reading here.

Chakras are linear in sense that they do only one octave – interaction between chakras is infinite. As chakras send information to second circle, the function already starts to be infinite.

Finite is their interaction to infinity – which goes to next cycle, infinity inside infinity and infinity outside infinity. As the information has done one unit I call Octave – and this is one unit from smallest atom, actually as infinity the field of these atoms, to the largest infinity, the one which by infinite number of real connections between our logic instantly steps over the size of the Universe.

Universe indeed has Infinite, Inner, dimension of Truth and therefore the life Truth – the value of something, through spiritual stock market, also affects it’s **real price** in the past, where, as summation and subtraction make square as multiplication and division leave their square position, infinite position – as they, with very small numbers like 0, have no effect at all. But they have big potential for future – future potential of multiplying zeros is very small in the infinity, once this activity goes over something I would call **threshold**. In some sense we are such function in infinity – and our inner infinity, getting aligned with this outer infinity, becomes, thus, a moving particle in infinity, in my numbers moving in relation to 5-8 – when 1-4 cover all finite dimension, 5-8 are mathematically impossible numbers covering infinity. Growth of infinity and it’s sign – either I or E, which move whole number axe from past through **spiritual stock market** and future through it’s exponential effect on future. Exponential in sense that it continues to grow – and through

exponential number also grows in terms of it’s growth. Where we measure 0 in number axes, thus the dimension – in some dimension, where 0 is larger, we can touch the point where it’s just the exponential function itself, once told me, only function which reaches infinity – I could not check that, but that makes a deeper sense to me. Where minus goes to infinity in minus direction, the lack of number instead of opposite of it is once **as big as this infinity below zero** – this is where I reach my i number (small i, in some of my units ending to 0 as big I ends to zero from the other side, where capital and non-capital numbers are used from both side, after operation I call putting them to the same line). Between 6 and 7 there is a zero of this infinity scale – sometimes I say 1-8 and 5-8 are equal, in sense that 1-4 is completely contained in the first dot of 5-8, but so small that it’s inexistent. This is linear exponential growth function, where I just draw this growth directly to the number. I hope this is somewhat intuitive thing you can do – indeed going once to infinity, you can go to infinity which is in relation to infinity, and even the functions of plus and minus would end there – you cannot take sums infinitely, you continue going infinitely and never reach there, but looking from outside, from bigger infinity – one day we can see you die there. Because you don’t transcend your plus and minus sometimes, with bigger numbers. Attention is life itself – what you you turn your attention to, you live through ..so you start living through the problems and goods of this infinity, thus living there eventually, especially in the part of your life cycles. Or, you can stay in the lower dimension, never noticing that your life cycle has kind of ended.

Why? Because for every infinite direction, bigger than the number scale itself, infinity flows in this direction and eventually reaches there.

When your energy passes second time the function it kind of becomes infinite in regards to infinity – creating a hyperinfinite function. Infinity itself seems kind of infinite from outside. This is dimensional transcend itself and start of metacycle between chakras themselves – meanwhile, progressing through this leap, you might see that your crown chakra has opened more levels outside your body – it’s having a great shape. Later, it’s just the process of chakras in your body, as you turn your **attention** to new dimensions **themselves**. That you can do those circles infinitely, until reaching crown levels of the structure of those cycles themselves – again, you have exploded in

terms of energy, expanded explosively, but the same 7 chakras do the work. But now they are bigger, it’s the dimension of dimension itself, which has raised – and attention operates in the realm of consciousness, which is conscious of those changes in you attention lives through when they come – it’s slow attention, which adds them one by one, or rather non-attention. This might be attention before the life of meditations or equivalent activity. What can make us more conscious? Even sports can do that.

**The power of silence**

To get energy, we create silence in ourselves. In this process, we can say that silence itself generates energy – so it’s the silence, which exists. It does so as when we don’t have attention, we have something penetrating – a field, which is at the same time in accordance with our whole; like E numbers, it’s very weak, but it should be able to see the ultimate truth as it does not have the local optimum. Let’s say this is Void. This is Godly indeed, as the nature of God is being who, at the same time is the whole – so it does not go into local optimums. Meditation is our Godly nature and as deeper we go, as more. But being still parts of God, kind of, even if irrelevant parts left out of the whole, in this calculation, we see that our attention is equally considering all the parts of the Truth –which, itself, can then transcend.

**The power of focus**

Focus is the opposite of silence in terms that we observe, so something is going on. The whole wont transcend – but we can use the power of silence, which we achieved with previous meditation, and we can be calm – attention is just noting the details of this thing we focus on. Should it go away? Then, we have to live it through in order to know, actively, that we don’t want it – so every number starts with minus, to realize it, we need those minuses everywhere, so everything starts under zero, as a minus number – but, this minus is actually a plus. This is a special case, which is parallel to every positive conclusion of much bigger set of theorems – mathematics itself is synchronous, every mathematical truth, and some in power of infinity, are radiating that it’s being truth is interconnected to many other things being truth in the same choice, same theorem value, passing it in multiple different dimensions – one thing, being deep truth, is the same with millions of things being deeply true.

We must sum and we must multiply – going through experience itself, we must also divide and subtract. To sum – means living our everyday life. To multiply – means to grow into bigger versions of ourselves. So we must lose and we must win, and we have to win more in future, and our losses are smaller, still larger – smaller in terms of harm and larger in terms of their benefit, even becoming experiences from higher distance in space, time, and most importantly the causality chain. Focus, wherever it passes, is power – it brings mathematical clarity, and it brings the fact that deeper math itself has transcended the dimension, or the part. It’s more closely our mathematics and more generally the mathematics we add to the whole – but you cannot add it to the rest, to things outside the whole. They don’t want to get it. So you meditate on all they bad they do to you and the whole, but it’s not judgment – it’s a neutral meditational power, which finally provides intelligent solutions. You have to learn to think about the products and reality of meditations – even in these realms, once the thought and rationality transcends there ..well it’s transcended thoughts and rationality. It’s one chakra of mind we westerns have actually far more developed than countries of

original Buddhism – it did all those complex operations of goodness, but only with other chakras. Every culture has something to give and we have to integrate – but then, our rationality must not fear the meditation.

**Society has Ego**

Superego has ego. Many structures of society have this – a very strong picture of who they are. They cannot have it. It’s something between and around us, not ourselves, but wholes we take part of – and this has strong ego, the superego itself has ego. Police thinks it’s police, the boss thinks it’s a boss, the slave thinks it’s a slave in slavery. Thus, the slavery itself thinks it’s a slavery. From both good and bad – maybe the policeness, this way, never really enjoys what it achieves, as it’s only a superego? Well it’s a dimension on same wavelength of superego, in sense of it’s size – and here, we need another circle from root to chrown chakra, this time we have all those humans as nerves of society, and we need infinity squared – remember, between two people there is infinity (whole number rule – it makes infinities in small quantities, like you can perfectly take an integral or integrate people on this level, but on quantum level, it becomes impossible – it blurs out). Breaking the superego of, say, Catholic church, Official structures, Companies – effective body of superego.

All this thinks this is this ..even in Japan, personally you achieve Zen – but in some strong traditions, is the freedom of Zen really there on layer of superego, or is Zen inferior to this?

Something bigger than us, made of ourselves (but with nature and earth as well) has to overcome the limits of ego – first, the limit of thinking it is what it is. Even in many enlightened beings, this has not become an enlightened thing itself.

**Chakras as science**

Scientifically we say this is this part of the body and the other is another. Brain has neurons, it all has cells etc. But we don’t directly see the cells and neurons – we see it only though it’s generalization, kind of conceptualization, which comes to our minds through this.

Biologically we can conclude – the lower parts of our body have to do with here and now, infinity towards addition and subtraction, which grow exponentially in smaller dimensions, and in the past –multiplication and division, the factors of exponential growth in our minds, cannot help us, as they multiply and divide zeros. We don’t have to add much to make them bigger. Now is always beginning to something bigger and the sum is bigger as well. We need the lower parts and the spline nerves to do this kind of thing – add and multiply, operate with what has period, and rhythym, wery directly. In the middle of our body, we feel bigger losses and wins, we say it’s higher vibration or higher dimension – the size of zeros we measure is smaller, as well as size of infinity we measure has more directions; in relation to base chakras, lower parts of our body, these things are

exponential, and the minus-plus operations want to end there. In our minds, we see patterns – repetition is impossible to see without seeing the pattern, and for brain processes and everything we feel in upper parts of the body, life gives long lessons before we reach the pattern and repetition, and those are highly deep and profound conceptions. But, the future civilization does not live with everyday life – plus and minus, solely in the dimension of infinities of exponential functions, becoming a hyperexponent, theoretically – even scientific thinking in brain, head, around the higher chakras, whereas even scientist thinks normal life matters with their body, and in direct reflex, the smallest patterns – which don’t need even adding and multiplication to see, they simply are the

same (what hands see – the burning of the fire, but this burning does not need us deep insight). Burning destroys body but it does not destroy soul, the flow of information – it destroys the flow of physical energy, far above us by all our processes. But these processes are sum to somewhere. In brain, the same way, infinity becomes small – as I mentioned, many objects in math and physics are quantitative infinities, like the money of rich does not shrink at all if he buys bread to himself; buying it to many is in itself a multiplication.

Now, as physical realm of chakras exists but we measure it with machine – but everything we measure in our own existence, it has to be seen visibly to our mind and body. These things appear as **coding of the brain**, where our instinct, knownledge or sense of hidden reality either through synthesis of senses creates the visible object; our minds, naturally, **can** feel the different parts of our body responding to different frequencies – in sense that higher is more visionary and lower is more material. Top of our head and between bottom of our legs – there is another copy of the distance beween our chakras, namely our absolute zero and infinity kind of inside our body; but in other dimension – the lowest part of the center line of our body does not go below body, because there is emptiness between the legs – these, as well, are the 0 and infinity. Conceptual theory, theorem itself is infinite – it repeats and repeats in all directions and circles in the logic circuit and it’s real basis, making summation and substraction exponential, infinite operations – even one unit added to this is infinite. On the other hand, higher frequencies are lower – the patterns of them, for lower chakras, the pattern repeats shortly in time; whereas in bigger, we have to find it and it’s very long – in this, intellectual sphere, the frequency becomes lower upwards, the frequency of experiences we get. This is not a paradox.

It’s insane to directly talk about chemical process of our brain – we talk about the mind encoding, which effectively connects it to vision and other senses, so we see light around other person, but this light is different in nature, in dimension, and does not overlight the sensation of material world.

Consciousness is said to come when something is complex enough – in which dimensions -, and thus it’s not material, it’s a higher process – it creates rules, which have no linear correspondence of material rules. In human body and mind, those correspondences are linearly connected – they are kind of linear to our higher function. As we exists, something exists in physics – it can indeed sometimes, in some areas, say that it exists as conscious field as it senses consciousness there. And then, this consciousness starts to compassionate – things somehow spread, not releasing their complex forms. Physics, here, can say that it’s hyperconscious, it’s being conscious not only in units, but in terms of field, of at least those units. And those complex processes directly sense themselves, and what we can say – in brain, we form more complex process of seeing light than the process of seeing light, and somehow, the effects on one are measured in color codes more complex than mere frequencies.

In similar way, we cannot speak of colors as frequencies, and we cannot ultimately say we see only with eyes – seeing is complex process in our whole body, and we might see complex objects not before far from eyes, we cannot be so sure where they appear to our minds eye. People with vision synthesis with patterns and forms see them directly in a way they see colors – abstract information and patterns become colors they see. This way, they can **instantly process** this information, doing a multiplication instead of addition – they don’t count the objects, but they see count of them.

Similarly, people with physic abilities, even when we find ways to completely describe them in terms of physics or biochemistry, **instantly process** the complex information about emotions, appearances and cause and effects of their surroundings, **without being aware of the parts they**

**add together**. That said – cannot this happen, in some levels, inside the quantum process itself, that the complex pattern directly exercises power on it? Cannot it happen in higher complexity, we say higher dimension, than chemistry and physics, becoming chaotic effect, meaningless, in those dimensions, even if they fit all the rules of the process? Cannot this happen in a way that the force is directly “felt” by the physics process itself? And cannot it be such that it’s not the general rule of the matter, but flashing through here and there, like human life?

Chakras and the way we sense them, is synthesis of vision and feeling of body into some structures which make body make sense to us – we say, it makes sense. We cannot so directly say that physics makes sense – but it makes something, it makes something, which is more chaotic to senses and has to be organized.

**Positive and negative energy**

Some say that energy is not positive and negative, because it’s movement of bodies whereas no energy is bodies standing still. This is not true. Energy is either good or bad to us, as living beings, and we have to sense it that way – we are not happy if just, for example, a vulcan explodes. We can be very sad despite this being a lots of energy. We are very sad if this energy starts to approach us.

This is negative energy and we have to see this way – our senses, directly, and the smallest non-vision sense herein is sense of beauty and ugliness, which is not direct physical information, but as this goes deeper it can see the beauty and terrification straight inside things, which radiate those – in synthesis of all our senses, which create conceptions of true meanings on top of things, so that we can see the bad aura of a bad man, who has potential to cause trouble – they don’t have to move a single thing, physically, but we see straight the field of cause and effect. Does this happen also physically – are we in contact with physical or biological fields, which have this information encoded in lower levels of matter before our brain and body works with this? Indeed up to one level– and as evolution goes further, not backwards, it’s a hunter catching this situation.

Evolution is hunting something. It’s it’s nature. But when it becomes conscious, as the other cause and effect relations of matter become conscious – definitely it starts to design. Everything, what designs the process, is in favour to us; and maybe our algorithm needs one process of randomization at the bottom of it – as every process around this random becomes more intelligent, it does so itself, because the number of allowed combinations is more intelligent. It’s impossible even in the light of current knowledge – but it’s **very** impossible that it won’t happen in the future, and even more impossible that it won’t happen in exponent functions of exponent functions, the satoris.

**Mind is still separate in the light of brain science**

The question is not whether the correlation of brain cells exists, but the meaning of itself is still different from it’s physical formula – the meanings, which really and strongly interact there, are the **sensed** feelings, and even if the numbers always fit, it’s a deep difference from the **measured** numbers. Breathing is said to be activity of soul – but it’s physically correlated, even Tibetan yogis could see that; it did not endanger their theories. Mind is there, where the physical activity is – but it’s there as a thing-in-itself. Our vivid imagination is not **directly** the formula of our brain – it’s many calculations away and this difference is very important. Moreover, we can be more sure in the sensation being there than in the objective process being there. Are sensations directly connected to reality? One for sure – they have the **advantage** of being there and so, in genetic and social, and

reality-reacting evolution, even something guiding it to make choice in all those factors (like parents, you can notice), is not having an intelligent effect upon who will be born? One for sure, the intellectual and mental processes are part of our good and bad energies. And we change upon lifetime – how, in the wholistic process, we would see genetics being placed on this? Does not pure-genetic interpretation give us biased prognosis which won’t see some bioneural factors in evolution, like a factor of active choice of partner is definitely optimizing the algorithm, and this is not much less than the other factors are doing. We should not underestimate the complex process – and higher chakras, once opened, are told to see those. But our brain is going to do this as well, and it has to unconsciously compensate if our conscious science won’t do that – but then, the science is not complete.

**Synchronicity**

This, as well, can be spireasoned, as the past processes, kind of spiral to give meaning to physic processes. This means, through synthesis of senses rule, which I draw here:

- We are enlightened beings already in sense that we think in patterns with our head, not with only the sum of local operations, the direct vibrations.
- Not only our direct senses, but everything what follows, creates a newwork of sensation – and we would never miss a spiritual color with real one, unless we do what we call *overfitting*, drawing equalities between similarly appearing brain structures. Overfitting is mad, and a normally functional brain wont do this – we know that the voice we hear, it’s not in any linear frequency, but it’s in frequency of patterns. Human voice, it immediately catches up these patterns – we cannot even discriminate the real frequencies of light we see, they are mixed into **colors**, and colors are not direct frequencies. They are processed both by our physical chemistry – eyes only sense certain patterns and generalize a lot, directly and mathematically, like processors, but a vision arrives, the higher chakras of our nerves has already generalized something – it finds patterns, but they are so small that they appear as linear equations to us. This kind of generalization happens in physics itself – complex formulas hold together, not just basic facts of vibration, for example movement generalizes chaotic patterns into large inertial systems. In our nerves, this happens in higher level, which is already called life – small microorganisms don’t have to do much more to qualify into this most simple process.

Those large patterns, in human network, but much more – in integral of this network, which is still in ego state (officials maybe not, but offices are in trap of ego – they think they are offices, even when the people inside are free). There is something more profound, more powerful, and

mathematically the next level of complex if Universe does not think any more it’s an Universe. This is profound – when we start seeing not our interconnections but something in patterns above them. This way, God is born – God, it’s evolving thing, and Evolution has a Reason to give birth to it; but in math – what follows as result, is somehow there as an initial cause as well.

Light is said to see in advance it’s process and the vibrations react to this. This is the direct synchronicity in physics – but light is addition/subtraction frequency, whereas complex patterns form multiplication and division – a function, which grows in time, something a life resonates with.

Now, wont the same cause and effect, which is behind laws of nature, emanate again into those patterns, and turn them eventually to simple sums as **Universe becomes more intelligent**. I

personally believe the whole, as a vibration, forms a complex form, which gives birth to body – bringing this form into Unitary dimension, where we are very much the same. We say, God is the whole of matter and mathematics, but he is born into physical body. In the realm of whole, not their essence – Void, the Reason itself -, but in their manifestation, karma comes into play – maybe those are big things, far bigger than our eyes can see, but they manifest into Gods vibration and the law of attraction – in those plus/minus, or unitary vibrations, we see a person and fate similar to us; his fate in visible world, as above so below, is also his fate in visible dimension. God fears God – as when he **cant help** himself seeing himself below, and he needs a real experience of himself and the creatures, for those things to manifest intelligently – but in time, the negative reaction happens in distance, in hint, and the negativity does not shrink but it’s positive dimension would grow – we have wars, but we won’t really do them. But as long as we have wars, we have to accept it – some times, we lose more people by not having a war. Important – we transcend the war and by seeing it intellectually, with healing energy of awareness, we transcend the war until it wont exist. But then we find deeper, more subtle war, and it starts to have similar reactions to us as our needs, as well, evolve – we cannot get it in the past, but we can get it in the future. We would be soon dead if we say our politicians must not touch a weapon, but we can transcend those experiences – we have to accept the bad, but we are constructive. This is somehow the hard life lesson I learnt – and I’m working hard to integrate this to my spiritual reality. But then – even in best reality, finally we see that one fact, one person, with another person, gives suboptimal result. Then, we can see **their infinity, not only their lifetime, would be much bigger, exponentially bigger, than it is, without this suboptimal solution**. We see a network of this problem – and we get the feeling of war, similar pain, which is caused to people in lower dimensions by war. But war still causes it as well. It’s always a loss – even an enemy, maybe, somehow we can compare what if they could be a good person, or ourselves.

In infinity, ideal is a function, which never completely solve – we find deeper, much more subtle inefficiencies, and when our awareness raises – they are suddenly real, close problems like a war. We go through a creative crisis – something could be better in the world. When normal crisis solve negative function of lack, creative crisis solves positive function of lack. Something could be so much better than inverse happens again – we go over the borders of our octave, despite being positive, we are negative compared to this thing. Less drastically, we call business wars wars, but they are really not wars directly to our eyes, in slightly lesser vibration – where we see a normal human life. The means of solving these wars are more subtle again – we don’t run there with a weapon, but we start building a business strategy. And should the both sides win, we create a function which sees previous state, in comparison, as fighting – even if they shared equally, but did not win.

Now – do the rule of light frequency, from the +- plane, take all the physical cause and effect and start to play the same on */ - patterned world of life? Does it meet the same reason which makes light move seeing the future, so that even evolution kills the patterns, which wont do that, but the base physics makes mental waves vibrate seeing the future?

Synchronicity – it simply has all reasons to exist. So we say it’s void. And God, fearing God, how it would not do this – he sees himself around himself, in eternity of his own, and despite looking down – he cannot do everything. He is embodiment of mathematical reason, and thus not less to himself. So he has urge to follow this – more and more, definitely, as it’s told even God must get experiences to ..well ..have gotten them – experience is like attention, it’s our whole attention going

really through it, and there is no reason to doubt that it transcends the situation more than mere avoidance; this is clear, at least one in a lifetime, God has to go through it following the same laws. Experience is not addition – it’s multiplication; once it’s done it remains forever with us. Addition – we have to do it again and again, with no change. Addition has a direct rhythym, whereas

multiplication sees it in evolving pattern, something complex – we meet the same again in higher dimension, and only **finally** we solve these are all the same rules, and we have gone through the experience. With us, Universe becomes more conscious – we cannot be but a parts of it, and wisdom is growing, positive form of energy – once it’s there, it’s there to stay. Once a pattern of this experience is formed in physical world, it starts to integrate – it might need many tries and trials, but it only gets stronger.

The law of evolution:

- Is the simplest law which states that once it has **reason**, it will be there; because optimization process is destined to succeed.
- Once it’s determined, it’s there in small degrees – probably, before life, there was already some tension of life, some glimpses of noticing.
- There are spiritual laws, which have the same tension as evolution. But – let’s state something I call the way of the simplest reason.

Does evolution also happen in our futures? It cannot do but it has – if we die in our futures, we are kind of dead now, our evolution process does not give seeds, so it happens even in unseen futures – we see more creatures like us if we get a better future, both in a good sense.

**The way of the simplest reason**

In the spireasoning, I need to find the duplicates of laws of Spirituality in the simpler, more mundane math as well. For example, I’m sure that higher consciousness is doing here as much as primitive breaking of non-truth, negative math of evolution – something, in these formulas, is already seeing the break in positive terms, that it could be better not only that the worse broke, eventually, and those laws of motion hold in the direction of upper inverses as well, the operations we could call creativity – it creates the better pattern without already being million times broken with the worse. But then, in spirituality, evolution is important – once it’s broken a million times with the worse, it starts to optimize, like the algorithm of AI. We need to evolve to be better than future AI, to do something better – we must let it simplify the data until we can do the creative work, so it takes quantity and we take quality. Human needs to evolve to point where it can do something useful with all that work already done by AI. We need human development to pass the Turing test of computers – it can indeed agree that this is a computer, a person who computes well with information they got (for example, with generalized information at hands of both subjects, it cannot say it’s not a computer).

Evolution – simpler that intelligent cause. So, how much of our practical work can be re-explained by terms of evolution? By seeing that God is also a **mathematical fact**, we see the same beauty and all the same rules in the mathematical facts we see, which we are used to see in spiritual realm. They appear as kind of dead, but we are a result of those mathematical facts – clearly they have all this motivation somewhere inside, the mathematical facts about the Universe as well. For example if we simulate goodness – parts which solve the equations to one another – on computer, we see it’s

stronger than badness. When we give it a world with better and worse, the math itself finds it’s optimum in goodness, and there is something I call synchronicity of math – the calculus of goodness, it’s not in contradiction with the calculus of goodness of another, by something similar to karma, it gets all those effects back. We can see it starts to evolve.

The law of the simplest reason – somehow, find the mysteries in those basic maths and you see that **it happens anyway**, you can be harmonious with math and reason. I call it spireasoning, as it goes this spiral down, like seasons – indeed, I did put many words inside this word game, at least some :) Evolution – it needs propagation and mutation. Every vibration, instantly, starts to repeat, or cristal patterns or any other thing – can we think that the **true** Cause and Effect of this is gone when the patterns get more complex – or, maybe, it comes later and the patterns of multiplication and division bring it back from their experience. Those vibrations also mutate. Replication and mutation exist in all realms of matter and mind – for example water flows, it gives it’s state to others and it’s environment shares it’s state. As well, the same thing has effect to many. Do these things see positive and negative energy somehow, does physics feel release? In human way, it does not even have to feel – it has to find some resolutions, and repeat the process. In level of complexity of humans, which physics has reached itself, it starts to feel this release – it tries to get positive energy over negative ..but indeed, electrons have good and bad effects on each others **in terms of their cause and effect** - they don’t only react, but they react towards equilibrium. Once they find it, they become more calm. They spread their found patterns – but also, do they spread hyperpatterns, the ones, which even slightly come closer to patterns of human mind, and maybe get some degree of exponentiality, growth of growth itself? Then, it can be reasoned, it’s at least up to some degree of life – it has a Causal relation to energi, in terms of buddhist sense that it sees positive and negative energies.

With these very simple reasons, spiritual laws are more easy to see – they happen, somehow, naturally, and mathematics because it does not only cover it’s beginnings, but directly, in form of Truth and Void, it’s ends – they make up truth to be found out, not to be created -, so if the spiritual law is the end goal of math, it’s also it’s initial state.

In terms of evolution, we must argue not only whether they exist, but whether they are **better than other laws** – if we can see they are better, we can say evolution is bound to bring this result; and then, we could deduce that there are already some glimpses of partial emanations of this truth. We can see that somehow, the physics is like human – it must get through it’s patterns and find the Void, through some kind of trial and error get the mathematical laws into effect – the laws, as more complex as more, have loans; the reality is in state of optimizing and getting closer to truth, probably forever, not the truth always directly expressing. So we can assume the atoms and particles cannot get their truth always immediately into effect – thus, they see or **react** to good and bad energy. They feel something food and bad, if life is merely a mathematical existence of such process, or mathematical complexity – we can find forms of all those complexities, and we can ask, whether those complex forms occur so directly in reality that they give birth to some kind of screen of mind.

As I really needed a word, I gave it a name spireasoning – to notice such simplicities, which always hold, in addition to great and complex processes we see in life.

**The law of Positivity**

We don’t just search, whether spiritual truth exists – but we search the truth Better than our own.

We must always be biased on positive-negative scale, working deeply with things **better** than reality, which wont exist. In our mathematical processes, er can also **be** this truth so we are co-creators, not just objects. Spiritual truth needs to be proven as better solution to optimization, and this is power in itself – but then, we ask a practical question, why should we believe noone already did that? Don’t those simple laws of goodness and higher level attention work for unicellulars, our ancestors but also our structure – infinity, here, exploded, as they are both ancestors of us and ancestors of our smallest component at the same time, for them it was the same – unit 1 and unit 0.

(0)1 for us – I put infinite number of zeros to show it’s infinity level down from us. Did not the same laws happen to quants and electrons, which become more relaxed and calm, stable, in certain equilibrium, so they discern between good and bad energies and don’t always reach their goals, and they propagate this state and vibration effect with mutation, so something like Neural Network of affine matrices ..no, something more powerful!, is definitely optimizing there. Optimization is a gradual process destinied to react a solution – this comes from AI theory which simplifies a human nerve and surprisingly does not create anything much more complex, than processes of optimization already there in water. Matrix – a combination of multiplication of dimensions in all possible combinations so that it gives rise to all possible sets of linear transformations; anyway, it cannot so easily cope with exponential growth, which does not follow the rule that the order of the points is the same – after matrix transormations, the same points are still in connection with each others; after exponential connections, a form breaks this correlation and becomes much more complex.

Deep Learning solution of Artificial Intelligence simply learns one series of matrices – a matrix multiplication series; and breaks this linearity a little, with clever tricks. Matrix operation is projection – it can project other matrices (spaces) and vectors (forms) by operation called

multiplication, which can create for example a projection system, or make objects move and rotate. Deep Learning of AI is **optimization** of a transformation matrix in a way that it always sees a vague direction of result – I can say, a normal physics process definitely does that. And such matrix is able to emulate much of the conscious processes of human being. But I would say – in it’s simple forms, definitely not the true creativity ..but when it does: we have to evolve. Humans test computers by easyness to figure out they are not humans, even in chess; computers have to find and better humans they cannot so easily figure out they are not computers – by feeding better data to them. In this cycle, somehow, we have to prove our value in making the end function more expensive. This is next human evolutionary leap – to be a computer. To be, for example, something which can beat computer in chess, or be equal, so that computer would not instantly say “this is not a computer, or a computer on my level”. Well, sometimes, still, they would feel awe ;) This AI evolution topic is the other one of my important matters – we should not be so happy with our work if we read that in 10 years, a computer is simply better than us; we should have hobbies, which separate us from computers (and from not being computers, even with help of computer, as well). If computers learn to discriminate images faster than humans – should humans, in this competition, learn to solve (maybe more complex, deeper) images far better than computers? Isn’t this now, an everlasting journey as we can put our hopes only on creativity, not repeating our yesterdays achievements?

Maybe the chakras would be born to us, which can understand data gathered by computer from millions of databases so much that we still do a better operation on it, once the machine has depleted all it’s creativity with it.

We don’t seek only **correct** solution, but we search a **better** solution and try to make it correct, and we assume that the **better principle** has already done it’s work in the past; maybe we **multiply** it a little so that it comes in more advanced form.

**Global problems**

Superego can solve all it’s recycling and production problems, but it won’t be happy – with enlightenment, which creates material, powerful enlightened society involving all the structures, it can be happy with less. We still use technology, but somehow every process starts to make it more natural – as now, every process makes it more innatural and people search solitude solutions, not the great integral pattern of social mind simply wanting to play.