# Magic as Mental Image

**Magic as Mental Image**

Here I repeat myself starting from third part, to make the information more clear – some people have told they cannot understand this easily, so I reword the most important principles several times.

Before I have talked about seeing auras as a form of synesthesia. Now, the other aspect – when Synesthesia happens, when our conceptual world grows together with our senses, providing us with sense-encoded data, but on different wavelength of senses – instead of simple, linear frequencies, we get frequencies in form of, perhaps, matrices or something otherwise multidimensional. Who has patterns synthesized with visual system of brain, they find and count forms, like certain numbers on paper among other numbers, much faster. So synesthesia makes us process information in more effective way of direct senses. So when our emotional parts of brain grow together to our visual system – we see auras, but as distinct colors from normal colors; as the feeling conceptions in brains of different people are similar – so are the auras and energies they see, so we can talk about them.

**Holistic Perception of the World**

As our nerves grow more together, indeed we get a mental image in the center of Brain – it’s called Third Eye Chakra. Even if the image occurs in whole brain, we sense it centered in the middle of brain, or rather on the same height with eyes. So when the information is projected together and processed, we get an image in *Native Brain Language*.

In such way, the following can happen:

- Telepathy as our brain contains a little model of the world; we cannot see our separate nerves and signals, and so general part of processing system can not even discriminate, when we share the information – but, from all the information it got, it can make us sense that we communicate telepathically.
- Very general sense of the world and existence of intention to change it directly; again, this is a general part of the brain and so we do not understand the logic processes behind each event, but we process it in *brain language*, which has concepts about *knowledge* and *intent*.
- Visions – as the brain has processed the information, it creates the *multimedia* in *brain* *language* to present this to us in our dreams, or as a vivid, uncontrolled process of

imagination or hallucination; this is synesthesia – and in my philosophical process, I like to do all the process of doubting and checking the information, but there are certain

*perceptions*, which always have gone true this far – in case the information is processed very efficiently, it has the special code or feeling that it’s true.

This is probably the way those things are occurring on material level. I have experiences of telepathy which I can not put into those terms, which are much more powerful than described, material process – but in extreme end, I think, I could even explain some of this with material process, and definitely – if the brain does not show us it’s source code, the bits and bytes in the database, it shows us something symbolic, which makes sense in relation to our archetypes; through synthesis, it can use visual, auditory etc. channels, in a way which is separable from their normal use (but sometimes hard to separate, as in dreams we often don’t know or are not sure that this is a

dream – in vision or hallucination it’s in my case never the same with outside reality, so I see the outside reality as it is, but with a separate layer, and I see both layers perfectly). This is how the brain encodes the information and what I can guess, the only thing needed for this to *obviously happen is that nerves grow many, many connections*. In case the nervous system – not only the left and right hemisphere of brain, but also the brain with body, or nervous systems in spline and other organs, which work with social processes and society, but probably also with material world – we can assume that this tightly connected nervous system produces additional image and sound and other data (sometimes when I think about people I also smell their smell very slightly); and I guess that when some image data is processed in visual system of brain, the other information is processed in their separate layer or other visual system, so that this visual information is not missed with the things we see with eyes.

I believe that real magic exists, but in my experience, real-world connections and other material occurrences make it much stronger, so in all cases this process of how it happens materialistically – it’s important. Our mind can directly see the Truth, in checking logic Theorems, but quite clearly also with philosophical Theorems and Truth of outside world.

**Alignation with electromagnetic field**

Electromagnetic field has definite effect over our brains, and our brains are used to work with electromagnetic information. So by definition, it’s sense without senses, because we don’t need a separate organ for this – it’s already in form, which is directly reacting in our brains. Brains produce the electromagnetic fields and this does not need any additional ability for them to have some difference of signals, when electromagnetic fields are present – it has to happen, that the signals in brain have slightly different power.

As this relation to outside world happens without any special organs, we can assume that even from atheist position – when we consider all our nerve processes and notice certain subconscious or under-threshold changes with more intuition, we are ought to sense them. So there must be telepathic occurrences.

We must assume that in evolutionary optimization, as there is certain effect of electromagnetic fields on people, and vice versa – the ones, who have this process more aligned, would survive better. As evolution is optimization process, which optimizes toward something we could call Material Truth – it’s the state of Truth Material has – we can assume that Truth is, that when our signal processing has so direct connection with outside world, then it clearly has some effect on us; random effect would be, well, random – but as such effect exists, we must evolve in direction that we use it positively. As we have to evolve in this direction, probability is that we already have evolved such way.

Naturally, this happens most strongly where the size of reciever-sender, namely electroactive brain areas, are largest. So this general vision is most expected in the Third Eye chakra.

But, as our mind mostly consists of electromagnetic information, and we sense it as Truth and Illusions, it is natural to expect that the Space also has sensations of Truth and Illusions in those signals – because this, in our brain, does not have different quality of how it exists in the Space; the laws of physics of electromagnetic field do not change as it enters our brain. It’s said to be more complex, but from this we can only assume that we have more complex feeling of Truth. So the Space must *feel something*, otherwise we would not be able to *feel those complex things*. I biology

we can see that life is separated from the rest of space by it’s ability to move, eat, etc., but not by it’s ability to feel – such ability can not be discerned from the rest of the Space by physics; only the complex emotions can be separated as they consist of complex reactions.

Talking about this, I would like to assume it goes definitely about our *physical feelings*, especially direct physical feelings – but I think the information in electromagnetic form does not get it’s quality of sensation, or feeling of Truth, solely on the screen of our Mind, but rather our Mind is able to operate on this feeling of Truth, which exists in Space – the feeling of Truth in Mind itself is said to be static and ever-present, even when we are dead.

I think the basic elements of perception exist in Space – because it’s hard to imagine something, which, originally having no perceptions, would gain perception as it gets more complex; in such a thing, *qualities* are changed, not *quantities*. I think however complex we make abstract information, with no element of perception – we simply get more complex abstract information, with no element of perception. Otherwise, the perception would be mathematical and not physical law, coming from complexity of, say the text on paper.

**On substantiality of Truth and a Person**

The Mind itself, I believe is object of Reincarnation, but obviously it works with material substances containing information. Perhaps, what is reincarnated, is the Absolute, static Karma of us, which is the original reason for such person – when we assume that also the higher-order structures have some Truth about them, then unless they exist, criteria for this Truth is not met, i.e.

something gives False and the Theorem does not go through; when life in it’s complexity has a Theorem for existence of every person, and then when the person falls or fails the time test, the more advanced form of this person – the pain or pleasure we feel is mainly about whether this Truth holds or not; when we are dead, the Theorem least holds and so it wants to create a Physical Body. The Theorem itself is the form of our deepest desire. But as Mathematics gives Truth, it’s True, and in physical form there is kind of Truth that appears into material form once it gives True – also, we must be something fundamental, fundamentally existing, because this Truth not only gives us our form, but it creates a Mathematical Entity which cannot be gone, and thus lives forever. The sensation of this form is Truth itself, as Buddha has said. Let’s say that number X of *principles* hold True in Cosmos, and matter behaves as Process – this is the number of living entities in Cosmos. As one of those X principles do not have a material form, Cosmos feels pain, and this pain is ought to create it through evolution, or as Cosmos becomes more evolved, through Creation. As the principle of completeness and wholeness exists, God must also exist – or we can call it synchronicity, or some kind of process of the whole; I’m a Buddhist and Buddha said that he does not comment the existence of God, as it’s easy to misunderstand – you see all the crimes done under the name of God–, but on your way, you will find out. Probably noone has found out that God does not exist. We can see that God is Truth itself – it’s the overall law of material mathematics – and thus, we can measure all those processes of god also with natural sciences, until we meet the science of mind itself – this, we have to measure with philosophical sciences, with our mind itself, unless we invent a machine or mathematical notation, which is able to feel itself. In science, some synchronicity must exist – as humans, we must create rhythms and patterns between ourselves and the Nature, to cooperate, and this must appear very much like synchronicity and exist as much as possible, also the rhythms of nature repeat what somehow aligns together – otherwise those rhythms end sooner or later; so a rudimentary God must exist in Science, together with some principles of Karma or inevitability of

Ethics, even in humans themselves and in efficiency of higher ends. Karma, naturally, aligns itself with whatever is true – it’s Science and not a way to make you believe some irrational belief of Pope, as atheists could say – and, additionally, if there would be some irrationality in Pope, it would not be a scientific proof that Goodness does not have it’s strength.

If you apply the principle of Evolution on Evolution itself, you get Creation. But the feeling of Evolution as process itself must be a feeling of hard creation. And as Mathematical Truth holds together and creates the reality, complex Mathematical Truth must be also complex in Creativity – it must sometimes act directly, without trial and error. But we can see that in our minds, and therefore in Cosmos, the process of trial and error exists – the process of first being false, then gradually becoming true by trying out different combinations. We also see something creative behind the Evolution – the *possibility* of those creatures to appear; you must agree that in the genetic line of one person, the better and better combination always appeared to reality, and this has more to do with Creativity than with a Space, which initially does not have it – in some other kind of reality, the appearance of you would not be even possible; so our reality is able to create such complex organism, even if it does many false tries. In this urge to form all those combinations, matter has certain level of creativity – you can call this process random, but all the ways this random thing can work, to create mind, movement, communication, it’s a lots of creativity in reality itself.

**On Fundamentality of Mind**

Fundamental Reality, in Nature, is no different than human. It has the electrons, atoms, electromagnetic fields – and in some combinations, all those feel as humans. In simpler combinations, thus, they *feel somehow* – as probability is low that feeling appears from nowhere.

But, in addition to matter, the Space also has the Theorems, the Causes and Effects – and, those as well, must feel somehow. Material Theorems are qualities, which are meant to be – for example, the Evolution must, in such case, move towards *Higher Truth*, from *Lower Truth*, which involves less complexity. And the grid of Reality Itself, from the beginning, must be based on some *Absolute Truth*, which is so strong that it can only exist – this is the basic structure of Matter. But over time, even this can become enlightened – let’s assume it would gain more nuances. Eventually it becomes enlightened, and take it’s creativity to higher level – this, also, if you apply the principle of evolution on evolution itself; by small mutations, evolution must speed up, become more intelligent.

Complex mating psychology of human mind is example of this – but everything becomes from higher complexity, which is higher Chakra of Reality, but then it is also implemented in lower and lower complexities, until it reaches the Root Chakra – the Chakra of Matter and simpler material processes; then, the process of evolution becomes directly more intelligent. As this is the Optimal State, thus the direction of evolution, we also have high mathematical chances that this already happens – that, from all possible ways of evolution, our genetic reaction produces more probable beings than improbable ones; the gene combinations can be more or less random, but by the principle of Alignation – the structure of this essence, which is combined randomly, must be such that the combinations have higher probability to produce something meaningful, than something other than human genes, which would also sometimes produce living beings.

On fundamentality of mind, it also appears that evolution has produced such form, which is itself True – we can see that Reality is happy with such forms, so they are kind of Mathematical Truth of Reality – so they such Truth holds most strictly in sense that the True value, result of evolution, is more Real than the False value – the starting point. Or rather, the less True value of starting point,

as some things must absolutely hold. When we speak about the Reality, we can speak about the current state of affairs – but also, kind of speak about the Reality is speak of this mathematical Truth or material Truth evolution inevitably carries us; as the principles, which govern this Truth, must also manifest in many cases through the combinations, much before they are actually becoming True. Evolution is simple mathematical process of solving the Equation – but the solution of the Equation is Truth itself. And, long before the Creatures exists, which consistently apply the Truth or be the Truth, they give random True results, or are affected by the Force of Truth itself – when they try to get too far from truth of Reality, it must realign itself and still force them towards Truth. This is the process of God, in his material form – in his immaterial form, He is the Truth about Whole Reality, which must exist as elements of reality influence each other. If Truth itself is the component, which feels pleasure or pain, then even before God evolves – given such simplistic theory that it comes through evolution – it must do something; as Reality gets so False that it cannot be in such state at all, or that state creates considerably strong Force of Truth, the God must feel pain and align the Result – the Principle of Whole would feel pain and align the result. If beings are distinct reasons or aspects of Life, the the Whole is an aspect on it’s own – so by this also, God would get a personality, a reincarnation, and this would communicate the God and have all the other aspects in the Structure, forming an internal reality – but as such, as a Reason, it would be equal to the Whole and the pain and pleasure would be the same, it would still be a same entity. Even an evolution would sometimes create a personality type similar to the Whole, to communicate it and do it’s will, such as prophet or a God; such, as well, would be highly on the same frequency with the Whole and thus feel as the same entity.

Law of Karma then happens, because if you create False values in Reality, you are False value yourself – reality cannot remove these False values without removing you, or your activity; you evolve or you are reborn – depending whether it’s a culture or evolution – and your higher reason will solve it’s Karma, so it’s still the same basic reason of you, and the same basic reason of you is still happier, but it comes with less negative side-effects.

**Why I like simplistic proofs**

We could try to prove the whole thing, but these proofs are absolutely very complex. But, the material world, mental world, spiritual world – they follow the same principle of, in case of material world, optimizing towards the same Truth, and in case of spiritual world, creating the process of this Truth. For example the Truth is goodness – in evolution, we evolve to help each others and feel affected by pleasure and pain of each others; also we evolve towards structuring our material reality towards better ends. In Spirituality, the complex flow of matter follows the same principles *creatively*, and *nonlocally*. As our lower chakras work with local process, our higher chakras work with nonlocal process – but the complexity of the latter is so huge that Science cannot measure this.

But, if we create the science about local process, we can see that as above, so below – the same basic principles hold. For example, in evolution, the process of Karma holds as more cooperative forms of life survive and conquer – but in Spirituality, it’s assumed to hold directly, in creative process. To say in other words – it happens with simple structures of matter, but also with very complex dynamics of the system itself, which cannot be directly seen by materialism, because we would measure the whole, and all the information in the whole – perhaps the part cannot even contain this information, because the whole would still be bigger by this part. As mathematical Truth also happens without any reasoning, simply because it’s True – it might not even have a specific Law of Nature in effect, but mathematical False does not happen simply because it’s False.

So the Material Truth would happen simply because it’s True. God is said to be the embodiment of this Truth – and if God is a Person, which I believe, then because higher and lower frequencies still affect each other, and as a frequency, God must be visible also inside the Material World, despite being the Whole of it – and, naturally, complex Truth likes to take the general form of life, or human, as by these means it can apply everything it has to do. If God would not have this form, he would still want it, to communicate with his living parts or beings as a whole.

The material process of the world is very important.

*The following repeats some of my texts before, but with additional nuances:*

For example Magic happens in several ways:

- Material Level: Magic is said to be the process in which our Thoughts and Feelings affect Reality. But their first principle is to affect reality – this is one of the desires they come from – and we materially execute this process by our activities.
- Mental Level: Our brain works with bits and bytes, small units of information; but what we sense are big complete networks of this – the general, high-level information. Magic is often practiced by inducing autosuggestion for that part we can not directly sense. There are many material reasons to believe that such autosuggestion creates a whole person more intelligent than he would otherwise be.
- Spiritual Level: On this level, we are seen as complete and non-local part of Reality, which is of the same substance with us; it’s also with same basic theorems about sensing, intenting etc., which is easy to see by it’s of the same nature, the same physical laws, the same components – electrons, neutrons, electromagnetic fields – and it wants to achieve the same Truth, as we are it’s Truth. It’s holographic fields are produced from material structures, and they create similar material structures in other places – so the information in non-local.

All those three principles get multiplied. For example, if you communicate with person, program your subconscious mind to align with this person, and finally pay attention to the direct field impacts between you and this person – without two others, the one gets weaker.

Meditations we know from Buddhism, they are created for biggest good effects in what you can do, and you can see: the same meditation, the same method, is to be practiced in the same way on all three planes. This is the ideal life, and it also does not depend much on whether we doubt in the philosophical principle or not. As God is Truth, but Truth holds anyway – it also does not depend on whether God exists or not (but in the process, there is a possibility that you understand it yourself – Buddha did not say more about God; even if some Buddhists believe in Brahma or other god or gods – gods being either reincarnations of God or lesser beings holding higher levels of general truth, in which case there is still one Creator, so you can also think it’s related more to God and the Angels than several absolute wholes, but such creature can be also an aspect of the Whole Truth, also there is often a female God, and you can think of Holy Spirit originally called Sophia as the Material Field, whether God is Absolute Field in such case, and they must be One; I don’t know whether the Son is the reincarnation of God – some Buddhists believe in Brahma, or several reincarnations of God, others are like Buddha saying nothing, and yet others believe that a Buddhist must not believe in God, whatever this means). But whether God exists or not – the Meditation is the same, making you a better person and perhaps more evolved to understand God without many complications, which might arise; or let’s be very philosophical – maybe it brings you closer to see

the proof for being an atheist :D But it’s almost impossible, for a Buddhist, to not see the wholeness and synchronicity of the Universe, or at least our lives – true meditation is going to lead there rather quickly; and seeing these aspects of the Universe, or the mentality the Crown chakra is going to give you – this builds a sense of Unity. Some atheists also measure the good effects of meditation without believing in Karma, God or Synchronicity, nor the Crown Chakra. This means – as a method of Life, meditation is *highly philosophical*, and it leaves you completely open for doubt, without being nonsense. To follow this good tradition, you need to check your methods and tools, whether they hold in all three planes of reality; also with understanding – in life, you need both intent, vision, and action, and the necessity of vision and higher mind is obvious even in

materialistic activities. They don’t doubt we need to think; and the materialist who doubts in goodness – well, you cannot get so far with Buddhism, even if meditation might help an evil person to get more calm or relaxed – but almost sure, in effect he becomes also less evil. I used the words “autosuggestion” and three planes referring to hermeticism, which can produce black or white magician, unlike Buddhism – and I have to say that the optimistic self-affirmations of American businessmen, or at least most of their textbooks about personality, they are completely materialistic examples of something very similar to Buddhist training; but I believe Truth is not completely True, but it’s also True that you need to accept both sides of your mind – black and white, for example love and fear – and transcend them, so that love can become and the fear can unbecome. For tradition of American businessmen, and some teachings of Buddhism, also for some forms of Hermeticism, I can say they close their eyes to this. In reality, you need neutral observation – then, first for example you don’t just self-affirm or autosuggest good qualities, but you also see how they affect you, for example there are ways to get rich, which does not make you or the others feel satisfied, and you need to meditate on the concept of richness – maybe it’s the end for many people, they don’t fail on material plane, but I think the soul needs to go through complex transformations, look into good, bad, and even better parts of itself, so if you feel a loser for example – which American businessman fears – you should meditate on this feeling, until the energy transcends – then you overcome it. Should you just concentrate on positive affirmation – you hide this loser feeling in subconscious mind. Also, you want to become rich – but maybe your mind *does not want that*; and maybe you find other reasons and conclusions – in the end, anyway, they all would probably lead you to some level of material success. Also, you can be rich artist, not only rich businessman, and some people get rich in highly creative ways you would not even suspect in the beginning. The textbook, anyway, is very close to create a stereotype – something so usual and common, that you don’t see it as deep understanding of money and it’s reason, purpose and higher or lower quality depending on what you get it for – is it helping the world, or creating just garbage.

I think, there is good and bad money, and indeed it does smell. In general, I think the way of American businessmen or Magic of Witchcraft – they all work, and they make you probably rich, and they might be what you need, because maybe you want to be common; also a witch can have good study of ethics in her work, as they tend to be nowadays, especially. In the past I have gone through all of this and there are certain levels of Truth.

[**On the Fundamentality of Mind: Evolution, Truth, and Consciousness**](Magic%20as%20Mental%20Image/On%20the%20Fundamentality%20of%20Mind%20Evolution,%20Truth,%20an%201b275bfc115480e685bbded9e44c1e4b.md)