# One Short Theory about Star Children

**One Short Theory about Star Children**

I once saw a great vision, that cosmos is a fractal, and that Earth creates kind of representative offices for parts of sky, so that different places are connected with different places in sky, which itself represents even higher skies or bigger entities of structure. This represents patterns in Reason of the Structure, and thus, the same energy can be seen in Sky and on Earth, and the Natural Life Forces of those places definitely appear on Earth, and so the beings from there are reborn here.

I do not know, whether the places we directly see, contain life, but I’m sure, those parts of the fractal are connected with strong life force energies ..I cannot feel whether there exists an Alien on Arcturus, but I can feel my own Arcturus Connection and I can know, that in some parts of the fractal of this energy, the life form or such natural potential exists. I also know that I have lived there on stars at my past lives, and that everybody connects the same parts in the Sky with the same energies.

I also think that this might be left open by the potential field – maybe we can tune ourselves differently, in one case the aliens exist and in other case, no; but the energy which is reborn and it’s connection to places and structures of fractal – this is real; I have had very powerful visions of this and I think this is easier to sense.

In case of potential field, which is like the Schrödinger's cat, the potential of life is connected to that part of the fractal and we could see the alien connection events not very much related to whether they are there or no; rather, this pattern strongly exists in this branch of the fractal and we get the connections anyway, they happen, as somewhere of this branch of the fractal, in larger or smaller scales, or different place – that life exists ..and the exact nature of this life is very definite about the place. Maybe, in case we reach there before – we do many things with genetics, but finally the same kind of creature is left there, because this is simply the life possible. Sometimes, alien from certain planet is described more or less human-like, or there are differences of different depictions, but then, the energy is still the same.

For people, sometimes I don’t understand by my senses, whether they are really aliens – but the feelings they provoke are so strong, related to alien culture, that I cannot deny they must represent the same part of the fractal; and maybe the energy simply cannot decide, whether it’s here or there ..maybe even this is left open – the Reality leaves it open, whether this was an alien, if I check it afterwards.

I always get this feeling of in-tuning, so maybe the quantum reality can be tuned where these things are very real, or where they don’t exist at all (but the energy exists, so they must exist somewhere on their fractal); but in all cases, I need to have some interaction with this energy, it’s going to inspire me and contains the traces of the whole culture, which appears on this branch of the fractal –the worlds with this energy, be it contained in another fractal branch, like on Earth, or somewhere where it’s really strong, where it forms a large separate culture. I thus believe every race on Earth also has their own alien, and this also has the whole fractal of different aliens, so the typology repeats. So it’s an interconnected fractal.

So it’s something definite of space and time that many alien cultures reflect in various ways, and that people somehow connect to very big and advanced collectives of similar culture, and sometimes look energetically so real that it’s hard to say that they are not ..but there is always some in-tuning of reality – as we move closer on quantum field, we see each others more real; otherwise

we appear cold, empty, do not see much life or vivid emotion. For me it’s hard to believe that quantum reality does not tune us to different worlds – but it’s very strong to keep the consistency once we make some fact really clear; I think the facts are appearing with ghost-like qualities just like aliens do, when the quantum field has not decided; as we approach to the truth, we go through many tuning portals, and finally, if we are destined to meet – we are in the same reality. In human contacts, same kind of tuning is visible – the life we feel in other people is extremely strong once we tune into the same wavelength, into the same reality, but as we tune away, they move to background and become gray, non-expressive. When we are very, very close, it’s a very different feeling.

[Star Children - possible views or philosophical standpoints](One%20Short%20Theory%20about%20Star%20Children/Star%20Children%20-%20possible%20views%20or%20philosophical%20st%201af75bfc115480e7a6f4fe02809fc341.md)