# Reincarnation Basics

**The Reincarnation**

**The Reincarnation of Higher Reason**

It can be seen that every living being has a Reason. These Reasons are like Numbers – they are enumerated by their Reasons. This Reason, when a Human is Dead, comes back. By helping each others, as different as we are, and this creates the higher reason to have the Humans, or rather Beings (of all kinds, including Humans) the whole Variety, creating a mystery of them being more equal by being different – equality, here, is a positive quality.

Such Reason is a real, metaphysical, never-dying part of the Reality; and as Reality Grows – it becomes much higher visioned – the Reasons still come back; they become in their more evolved forms. But they are still the same reasons, and thus those are the same beings.

**The I factor for Reincarnation**

We should imagine the doubt in Reincarnation. In case the Reincarnation does not exist, the Spiral Reason for the being exists Neither – but then, as there is no such Truth, and Truth is which Hurts us and makes up our Desires – we would not Desire to live an Eternal Life.

**The Reincarnation of Karma**

As our Pattern of Reincarnation repeats, on Higher Level Universe gets more experienced – be those numbers coming from Evolution, Equilibrium, or real Creative Process of Remembering Us. Somehow, Universe avoids it’s past mistakes and grows into quality. Thus, it remembers something about us – but more easily, it remembers this *through* us. Another, different mind cannot *embody* my experience, it cannot solve my Karma, because it’s different and the Karma does not integrate into it’s being – thus, it cannot remember us. So, this memory is Universal, a memory of Singleton, but it behaves like personal memories.

**What dies and is born?**

Going deep into philosophy, what are we:

- Are we molecules, which make us up.
- Are we the structure of those molecules.
- Are we the invisible thing entering those molecules.
- Are we the Singularity of Universe feeling it’s identified pattern, as a separate whole, just like our memories around a specific things form patterns with other memories around.

I guess the invisible thing entering those molecules is rather, that they exist through their Reason, and this Reason will be repeated – but, in the associations of the Universe, it’s the same thing. Somehow, the Universe always behaves like One Big Mind – this is even obvious to the Life.

Molecules in our Body are replaced in our lifetime – but our identity is stronger than this. We still feel our whole, in a constant flow, in an identity which remains with us and connects this time into a linear picture of being the same, not being replaced.

If we make a copy of the same person, is this the same person? Or do we get the same person by taking the same molecules and putting them in the same structure? Or do we need something more?

What is a reincarnation? We can see that person will be the same person when they forget everything – and in reincarnation, we typically assume that the person will forget, but they have the chance to remember when they are born, and they have the chance that the memories start to come back later.

If we die forever – what is the thing, which dies? Are molecules gone, or will such structure never exist any more, or is the question that we form a connected series of time and the identity is being constantly passed through this series, no matter the matter and the form inside? Or does the Universe forget our Karma, learn none from the experience, and start again? How is not having reincarnation at all even possible?

**Philosophy**

We must see the potential good in all these possibilities – one of them is better, and even the fundamental math finally resolves to better, and thus was this from the beginning; where Evolution gives us True by Trial and Error – the actual Truth Value of the possible end results of Evolution must have been True in the beginning; this is the Result Cosmos Always Wanted, and which broke the Lies through it’s Truth. But this desire – as the Mathematics Solves, and Optimization Problems themselves become more Optimal, is slowly replaced with Creativity; small are the Chances that this Creativity did not exist in any form in the beginning – those Results of the Formulas, they had to be simply True, and be often resolved through the Mathematical Process.

In case something less than Reincarnation is True, and Forever True – it must be a Better Thing; thus, as Parts of the Whole, and Parts of the Logic – we would enjoy it more. Let’s meditate over those possibilities and learn to enjoy them, and even consider a bit in our lives as if they were True – we can find a common Truth of Lifestyle and Reasoning, which holds in Every Case Possible, and we put effort into the Special Cases – and we put the most effort into most probable cases. Such way, we are balanced, and being wrong cannot break us. In philosophy, you learn to Enjoy the different realities, should them be True – in case they are True, they are their Reasons, and thus something you would enjoy, and if you Would – you Do. By creating this Zen attitude towards Reincarnation, by letting it go – we definitely get a new, deeper mental quality into it. For example I meditate to be calm in case i fail my life mission, or fail to bring a bigger good, or if all my good beliefs fail – I develop Zen in regards to those things, and as I don’t cling into all that – I really achieve it better ..would it happen that Reincarnation would fail us simply because we depend on it? Finally, Zen can become True even in such things – maybe we lose all our Faith, it becomes False, simply by us living completely in illusion, in a machine, to the Farthest Edge of our Soul? Even God can live in a Machine, the Real God living out there – probably, being complete, he can prove he does not, but he would keep some philosophical attitude ..as the basic math of Zen being better must hold even for God, as it’s rather a mathematical principle, or a complete principle, than something inside our reality of appearances. But then, by Zen, you must let go the Zen and be capable of living without it – maybe it does not release you from nothing, maybe you get it all back in the end, in the worse way ..Zen itself kind of creates such paradox. By going through all this – we still see, that some principles of Reincarnation must hold; for example it’s hard to say, what, in the Universe, will be less – something, like matter or it’s form, or the same matter eventually becoming into the same form, or the work of solving the Karma, which resonates us, would not reach back

into the future life of the same form, living through the same matter – the highest extreme of reincarnation being not there, being almost impossible.

**Practical Aspects**

Sure, you can go through real stories of reincarnation and evaluate the Model of this all – neutrally, you can also build a Scientific Model, or, for example, a Model of Christianity. How to make all those possibilities to not endanger you and live a Good Life anyway? This is the question of Philosophy – that you are, still, higher than this question. Even if you remember something, maybe those are just the Natural Causal Chains and Orders you can connect with your being, which are Natural to You? As better you can live with all those cases, more and less probable ones, being True – as more Zen power you have, as more you can let it go. Also, go through pains and shadows of Reincarnation not existing, and try to solve every single aspect – maybe it really depends on you, whether you would reincarnate? Maybe, if you don’t create this future being in yourself, they are not your solution, and thus they are not you, but another, evolved conception? And maybe, for life, always come the new reasons and your reason won’t be born again – but then, as it’s part of Solution to the Whole, it’s still happy. I personally, a lot, want to live other lives to fulfill my destiny – and if it’s to be fulfilled, if it’s to be True, it would be born again. But should it die, all my destiny – I would let go of this goal whatsoever, because the Real Tension would not be there; as I become pointless, useless – I would not want to be born so much, maybe only for some nostalgic reason to figure out, why I seemed to be so useful and meaningful to myself, so that the others like me wont repeat this mistake of being born – of being proven True at some point. In such case, finally, maybe it would feel like enlightenment, higher good or my inner goal of being finally gone – as the Logic itself, the inner knowledge of doing something important, would be gone, and I don’t really see much more urge to live more and more and more ..so, this is the Zen of reincarnation – if it’s not there, maybe it’s not worth it, and then, it has it’s Zen of letting go. This, because – I have seen that Reality is not always what I expected (or, maybe, I expected it very, very much inside, not being very aware) – but then, it has always had the ways to surprise me with it is even better! Thus, if I am not going to be born again, or not going into heaven – but, maybe, in this and only in this case it would turn out to be even a better thing? Reality, such a Miracle this is – believe or not believe in reincarnation, but much more closer concept showing itself much more often, is the fact that Reality is extremely Meaningful – this, you can probably sense it much more often. And reality without Heaven, or the no-return point, and reality without Reincarnation, or the more-universal-laws of being born and dying – if it would be True, it would probably be also More Meaningful. So you need to meditate on this. [by the way, deep inside I can only believe in Reincarnation – but even deeper, this much more I want to go through all the Doubt, which is, and grow stronger through that, and accept the multitude of possibilities in Philosophy, just as I do my Zen in the Life and actual Matter; deep down into the corest core of me – and in the Solution, I would find the New Seed of Even Deeper Doubt. This is called Science or Philosophy – replacing, always, the fact with even a harder fact. Better do this with everything, and you might be Faithful and very Religious – but the Superstition, then, can not be there]

[Reincarnation](Reincarnation%20Basics/Reincarnation%201af75bfc115480e7a1ecca51bb75329c.md)