# Short Text about what I say about Positive and Negative

**Short Text about what I say about Positive and Negative**

This post was removed by Reddits filters – first I posted it in LawOfAttraction – but then, I post it here to give you a short introduction to what I say about Positive and Negative. Even my website itself is removed from Google – I don’t like the filters of these days, they are just destructive.

This is about those texts:

- 

This is generally accepted that thinking positively will bring positive events to your life, and thinking negatively would bring negative events to your life. I see the mistake in the following: negative events might be an integral part of the Universe. In Kybalion, you find out that it's a "hack" that you only think about positive, and the "law" indeed is the law of polarity. In Judaism, you find out that around any sphere of positive energy, appears an equally strong negative energy, starting to endanger it.

I think that negative force is a Force. It's a Force meant to undo itself. In positive thinking, if you follow modern Hermetics or American Businessmen Self-help Books, you can wrongly assume that positive qualities - Money, Power, etc. - are somehow True on their own. I think those Positive qualities have to be balanced. You might not really want the easiest positive character or personality, once you meditate deeper on possible characters and archetypes - indeed, your story can go through negative experiences, like the story of Christ - which is a story of God (I believe in many

reincarnations of God), where He heartfully and sincerely went through this negative experience, to gain something positive. Sacrifices, for long time, were an integral part of Christian life, also a Buddhist can give away the money and power and live as a monk or hermit, and, in their primitive form, ancient Belief Systems also knew the Sacrifice (you can see they were primitive, but they are growing up like others - and the basic Archetypes of them were quite strong, they can follow them Spiritually today, being Spiritual Warriors like others instead of fighting with neighbors to get their wives). Negative Force also turns our current states empty and meaningless, so that we lose our connections, giving room to new, stronger and deeper connections. Also, when we dwell to negative experience with our plans, they might stabilize to be beneficial to others, so that we can see the negative aspect of our doings.

Initially, saying "no" might just make it true - but as you go through the experience, your "no" becomes experienced and the Law of Attraction hidden in it is deeper and more intelligent; the negative experiences start to happen on potential fields - to change the Physics, you need to vibrate negative and positive on the Potential Field, until the Physics itself learns that indeed, it wants to grow; negative, then, goes through transformation, and becomes a True Negative Force, which has it's unexplainable ways to lead you through complex experience so that you can grow. Once you are through, you see this experience as a stage of growth, as a good energy indeed - so the Negative Force, it's a Force of Experience, or Force of Evolution, and strong feelings of meaninglessness are the seed of deeper meaning in your life - by having such feeling, you won't loose any meaning in your life, but you start to prepare for deeper feeling. As this process has no end, on the way, you

have to be happy with what you have - but then, you go further, losing your friends and companions or having them growing as well.

The dangers of Positive Thinking:

- The Conspiracy of Positive Thinking: If people with positive mindset end the friendship or other relation with you, they hide this fact. When you suspect it's over, they still argue it's not, very strongly. Then, they combine, from many "yes" arguments, one big "no", which can be destructive to you. If you don't drop people yourself, it's very hard to just leave when you get the gut feeling - it takes time to trust this; and it works overall like a conspiracy.
- The attitude about Tax Money, and Circles like Circles of Scientists, Doctors, Government: They do not understand that everybody deserves all those things, and Spiritual People also pay taxes to develop their spiritual sciences - positive people simply say "money", or simply call themselves "taxpayers", and do not understand that there are "moneys" and different groups of taxpayers, who all want to have collective budgets and to develop their thing; finally you pay one atheist their doctor through taxes, and additionally you pay your spiritual assistance separately, if you go to doctor at all.
- The positive self-affirmations. People make themselves certain that they are being True, and they react painfully when their truth is endangered. Instead of growing and learning new things, suddenly they become dogmatic. Circles play "positive roles" and thus, they deny that they were doing a mistake.
- Success cultus. Only things with the word "yes" are used to measure you - if you answer "yes" and "no", and give one thing away in your life to gain something deeper, you are labeled as something bad, or crazy, and many circles start to kick you out. But people, who gave a lot of pleasure away, and lived as hermits or monks, are basically behind the civilization - so here, civilization is not paying to it's roots, and the money goes where it does not come from. Also the programming companies are becoming overly positive, and not the collectives of "autist hackers" any more. Also, with "yes-cultus", your stories of life are measured as if you was saying "yes", and thus, weird hallucinations and illusions are made about you, becoming so sick that they can become physical dangers - people simply invent them and fill the gaps as if you haven't been solving a paradox.
- Positive Attitude to Law of Karma: People don't help each others, because it's very positive attitude to help yourself; if you fall a little, they help you to fall much more, creating cycles - the self-fulfilling prophecies are created this way, where the society sees your "no"'s as something negative, and tells you more "no"'s ..this is already a financial and social violence, if not more. Finally, your mental health can be decided based on that. Whereas, to give some things away and search for something higher - this is seen as something negative, but for development of society, this is absolutely critical; this is free movement of work force, flow of people through religions, countries and social circles so that something greater can finally grow out of it.
- Saying "yes" to money and power, and all the good things - in general, this is an attribute of non-evolved witchcraft, and the self-help studies often they create this false character, an advertisement built into you, and they create better pictures of everything; in case you doubt any of this, the truth is like violence for them - not a force to grow, but a thing they fight directly, telling similar stories about you despite that those are not true. People fight like

crazy about their reputation as if it should be "better", involving only the "yes" word - but to cooperate, we do not need to react painfully to each other's weakness, but we need to show our weakness and empathize our mistakes - no, this is not a bad Karma itself -, and go through the negative it brings, until we are so conscious about the mistakes that there is either growth or a realistic expectation.

These are the people, who always think that "yes" is the final truth.

[Positive and Negative](Short%20Text%20about%20what%20I%20say%20about%20Positive%20and%20Neg/Positive%20and%20Negative%201af75bfc115480d4b9f1cd1fcb4520be.md)