# Truth Value Tables, Matter and Mind

**Error of Truth Value Tables**

**Truth Value Tables**

Truth Value Tables have all logic operations contained within Tables (or Matrices) of size two times two as input – one bit for both Truth Values True and False, and one boolean output – the value in each of four squares of the Table. The value is either True or False. And, or, but also conclusions (implication operation) are Truth Value Tables. Such table has 16 possible values – so there are 16 such operations.

Thus, as it’s binary table of only two values, implication mark has such table that from B => A, it follows that A => B,

**Alternative to Truth Value Table**

It should also contain unknowns – A=>B, then if a, then B, but it’s unknown whether, if B, then A. It contains <=> as separate operation. A=True and B=True cell if True, other three possibilities are unknown for this logic, and this is Truth Value Table with third possibility – unknown. Now you cannot combine this from simple operations, like and and or and not, so easily.

**Meaning if your table is not closed**

If your table contains unknown values, there are more possible logic combinations – you cannot assume such thing so easily.

**Meaning that it is not Metaphysical**

If two things are both True, but philosophically, one is the Reason, Cause and the other is the Implication, Effect – as both always have True values, they exist absolutely, you cannot, by terms of Truth Value Table, separate the Cause and Effect – as they both hold, one follows from other and the other from other. Also, if they are always occuring together, never alone, you cannot combine a Truth Value Table, which assumes so. Consequently, it’s hard to speak about Soul and Spirit for example, or about how Mind is the Source of Matter – as they both are, then Mind must also be it’s Effect, because the Logic Table is the same. Metaphysically, if they both imply each other, in sense of they occur at the same time – by much of Nowadays Science, you simply cannot say that one is the Reason, and other the Effect.

**Meaning in Alchemy**

I have told that to achieve Mind over Matter, one must:

- Find out, which one is the True Equilibrum of Matter – it’s Free, and still in it’s Cycle. This one is beneficial for you and the Matter.
- Or when the Matter is Trapped – the Cause is not it’s own interest, or Karma of Matter, but it’s of general interest.

I think that 5 element theories of Buddhism and Taoism, or Hermetics Elements, of four Classical Elements of Magic of Europe, are far better – they have different paradigms, but essentially it’s a

Mind-Compatible Model, you can see this matter directly with your senses, not by some Physic Apparatus. Also, those Models introduce Mental Qualities to Matter – whether it’s happy or not. Physics of your Body does not change inside and outside, but it loses complexity. It does not change any Quality, only Quantities – it’s natural to say that the Material Feeling of the Matter is Simpler, but with the same Qualities, as Material Feeling of the Human, who is connected to their Material Body and it’s Fields. By Effectivity, it’s Natural that human has evolved, and also the Biosystem and Material Structure of Earth, so that the Well-Being (it’s Equilibrum) is Natural to this Matter and thus there are less Tensions – otherwise it would be destroyed, for example, by Radiation or other Gravitation Form, which seems real Angry and Destroying all the Beauty.

We must assume that the senses of Beauty for Matter are the same integral and generally the same with the Sense of Beauty of Matter – as it constructs it’s Structures, Humans feel it’s Beautiful, and should the Structure be Destroyed – they feel it’s ugly. It’s Natural as Matter is Constantly Building a Structure, and only by Large Force Losing It. But does it achieve it’s Equilibrium? Humans can help in this and thus they achieve Positive Karma with Matter. This also means that in Matter-Involved Ecosystem, allowing and caring for More Structured Forms of Matter, More Beautiful and with Less Tension or Weakness for Both Human and The Matter, such Forms are Strong and seem to be, thus, Beautiful and Happy – they Vibrate Those Properties by a Language Known to Both.

So, when the matter is Naturally Forming it’s Most Beautiful Structures?

You also need to measure the Intent – as Human get’s Intent for More Structured Matter, and for Teaching and Learning this, only this Intent, relative to it’s long-term-success, gets Power Over Matter – or rather, a mutually beneficial relation with it, triggering beautiful miracles and otherwise successes by the way our Brains work – making the Structure of Matter desirable to Itself and Humans, the Matter also flows into Structures More Beneficial to us, and in extreme conditions of energy, can do Miracles – the Change would be complex, like Creativity. We are not so interested in Miracles of Destroying Matter, unless it’s a Material Demon, like Poisonous Material. We can assume that Karmically and Structurally Balanced Matter is not Poisonous, but in Harmony, we find Structures Mutually Beneficial – Life is a Higher Form of Matter, even if some percent achieves this – it would do the Work of Creativity, and also release the Tensions of Other Matter, which still Vibrate in Intelligence and it’s Benefits.

Matter is Low-Frequency energy, but definitely it’s ways to Release Tension and thus Gain Free Energy – not an Inner Conflict of Stability Functions, a Tension. It’s structures of Beneficial Effect are Similar to Life – they Restore their Structure Somehow after Using it Out, like the Chemical Processes of Earth or Human, who Repair. Definitely, Matter is Always Repairing and as it finds Better States, those Solidify and Repeat as Patterns, thus forming a rudimentary Evolution. We can Assume that Universe Remembers the Best and Worst Patterns and slowly, attractors and repellors (anti-attractors) appear. This is the Major Tensor in activity and as other results break down, this result builds up and slowly, as bad Karma is impossibility and this breaks the Structures – realize that more aligned matter, and higher life, is more **possible**, but less possible in relation to even more higher Life and Equilibrum.

Truth Value Tables gives us Physics, which does not consider this – it looks the Reactions, but only in complete, and does not divide it into Good and Bad Causes and Effects – Good and Bad conditions, energies, states into which Matter falls. To do this by results of Physics is Inefficient:

- It has very complex Model, hard to Understand by Human Mind, whereas 5-element- systems have simpler Model.
- It’s Model is not intuitive – it does not simplify into the structures our Brain readily forms from Symmetries. Thus, we cannot say easily, whether this Matter is Enjoying – but we can say Natural Reactions of Five Elements can be More or Less Natural, so we are beneficial to Matter in Different Degrees – and this Integrates Matter into our Karma.
- It’s Model is not directly perceivable by Human Senses – as you go into Philosophy of Five Elements, and even it’s Spiritual Cognition, cognition with Higher Senses – which can well be projections of patterns human senses and more advanced brain structures form in relation to matter, and are able to project into our sensory systems for fast and complete processing, **which does not need so much separate Attention**, thus system with Encoder and Decoder within Human Brain, in Language of Nerver Adding Dimensions to Sensory Perception – sense of such Magic Blue as Alchemy over Matter, it’s not the same with natural Blue Color – this Vibration is Complex Brain Structure Hologram Image(?) or other structural form, but the Blue in it’s simplest value is only a Linear Frequency – or one point in Human Color Space, in three or four dimensions. Such is a linear frequency – what we create in relation to matter, is network of complex senses like beauty and ugliness, pleasure and displeasure, around the senses of this matter – 5 elements are so natural that they have fast and efficient projections to all senses; so our sense-information, finally, can directly perceive Matter as we Sense, and do some Processing with these Senses. Alternatively, it’s about Brain directly getting such Hologram of Matter – with even more subtle senses ..but by perception, we cannot say which is which, for this we might need to study Mind and Body. For our Senses – we can bring together senses of Matter Acting upon Us, and We Acting upon Matter. This is our Unconscious Action Towards Matter, this is our Awareness of Properties, and this is our Direct Manifestation Ability – the theory, naturally, is like General Ethics to Religion: it’s not very different depending on which hypotheses are real for us, or which one we can already Verify with our Senses and Machines. Building Good Karma Towards Matter, and it’s Good Karma Towards Us, which is also it’s Higher Pleasure of Being a Matter – this creates a Positive Karma, involving Matter as Principle into the Dynamics of our Karma; thus, we can achieve something Capable of Occasional Miracles towards Matter. I have been inside those Occasional Miracles and on All Levels of Structure, they can grow Large – just to give us also periods of Anti-Miracles as it’s Polar Integral, for us to Learn to Cope with Matter and High Matter – the Tendency of Humans to also behave like Materials, keeping the Material Qualities of Life, for example Helping Others so that Material Structures of Society Itself form – like the Offices, which give you Material Stability and Professional Service, which acts like Matter; whereas Creation comes from outside, or Ego, which is the Material Part of us – it keeps it’s Structure, while After Death, where Ego is not There – the Structure of our Soul is Much Harder to Keep; there we need Even Higher Matter to keep our minds Stable and not Manifesting Random Reality, like Mind can do – being only Creative (Mind), not Stable (Matter). Matter, Slowly, burns in Fire and is destroyed eventually by Electricity – thus it’s Changes, and this is a Negative Creation for it, or Destruction of Old Things. We can Sense Destruction and Creation in these Processes, and thus know what the Matter is Actually Feelings. (We need Alternative to Truth Value Tables as well here!)

[Analyzing Logical Systems That Appear Closed and Their Open Possibilities](Truth%20Value%20Tables,%20Matter%20and%20Mind/Analyzing%20Logical%20Systems%20That%20Appear%20Closed%20and%20T%201af75bfc1154801aae89c077dff3a3be.md)