# Tuning into Material Reality

**Tuning into Material Reality**

**A common background**

We can be tuned, right now, to the Frequency of Reality, which is associated to our Family Background, Positive Self-Help Books, and Unrealistic Demands to Ourselves.

These are the following:

- Family Background: we try to resonate with people, who reflect similar demands and promises to us, as our family does. We send signals, which reflect those outcomes our fathers expect to us, and we fear people, who might want more realistic relationships with us. When we do not meet our father’s goal, we show a sign that we do not deserve – instead of looking for people, who create at least a modest material well-being, being faced with similar troubles, and who have meditated through those negative aspects and have the force of responsibility when faced with those.
- Positive Self-Help Books: many books today, they are overly positive about the Material World. They only say “yes” to the causes most physical, like the Money and Power. In meaningless, silly children games a materialist plays, lacking a deeper purpose and desire for something meaningful, the “why not” activities – we must be overly positive in such events and processes. We put all our energy to material business, yelling “Yes! Yes!” when those succeed. Those people help others in need, but only if those others are faced with similar challenges to which they see as real; they do not believe that they would waste their material energy to spiritual things like you do, so they do not want to help those people in need; they are useless, unrealistic people if you are faced with spiritual energy demands. They owe to hermits and monks from the past, who also gave away many material purposes, goods and energies, to serve higher purpose – those people built a lot of the basis of civilization. Still, they don’t feel this karmic connection to build a healthy energy circle and support such pursuits also today, when they can do this. These books connect you to success-based society, and this success is about material goods, and also about being better than others – we are not all better than others, and spiritual personality does not want to exercise this betterness enough in material realms to have a real success.
- Unrealistic Demands for Ourselves: we might have many causes in Life, like spiritual desires and tiredness, lack of energy because of transformative processes. A spiritual person has much energy channeled towards the spiritual goals, and sometimes we are also tired, and do not have the complete energy for material purposes. Still, we might punish and reward ourselves based on the viewpoints, which arise if we only run for the material well-being; thus we are being unrealistic with our goals.

This frequency creates all the signals you send, and has the following problems:

- You connect with people of another class, and your posture is related to their demands; still, if they show you their more serious signs, you are blocked – you cannot show that you have the energies they demand.
- People, who would fit you, do not recognize you through the character and energy you have built.

Definitely those self-help books work and they tune you to those frequencies, so that you have a fitting character and you constantly start connecting with people, who would help you in days of material success. But you have spiritual goals and, thus, as soon as the signals get further, you have to show that you do not deserve. If you deserved, you would live in “Secret”, with a constant “good vibes”, but those are for materialist people.

You can see that even a materialist personality does a lots of magic – they can explain, in material terms, how we send and receive signals, and show the traits of our character and personality.

Spiritually, the same effect resonates even deeper, and in quantum realities and quantum shifts, where everything not yet measured and manifested exists in potential – those potentials, they create your world, creating all the past, present and future, as you get completely tuned-in. For example, alien contacts leave a final measurement completely open – maybe those are the quantum potentials, which do not want to allow us any complete measurement until the reality has decided, whether we tuned in or out from these realities; maybe we are tuned with different people, who go to different realities, and this creates a conflict into the reality of whether the aliens exist. To tune completely in, and create good karmic relations also with people, who do not exist, but seek for realities to manifest in, and this is not a material theory any more – we also need to attune our frequencies with such “impossibilities”, to get our attuning completely harmonic; then it works throughout our being and helps to co-create the reality.

Normally, we can see the theory by which we simply change, which people we connect with, with their corresponding realities. As most of the spiritual theories, there is something I call

“mathematical synchronicity” that the process you find from materialist self-help books, and which follows only the laws of the material world – the process you need to go through is very similar to the process you go through, when you also believe that your process directly influences and bends the reality; the underlying principles are very common and ethical, and material, mental or spiritual realms – they all operate on the basis of ethics, and thus the theories and methods you reach are very similar. In spiritual world as well, it’s faced with the problems of Ethics; if God exists, he is faced with problems of ethics; and in materialist world-view, the structures and laws of society, where Magic would work – it’s based on the very same rules of ethics. In the most basic laws of nature, forming energy circles or blocked energy circles, kind of “antienergy circles”, we can see that by all means, the similar rules appear – the reality, from the social norms, things coming out from evolution, or the matter itself, it must also form energy circles or Good Karma, to exist. So we can see we can build quite general theory which does not depend much on whether certain energies are real or not – the case that we build a character, let the model into our subconsciousness, or become more conscious about our life processes, it’s the same anyway, and it involves the same actions and acts of will. Material activity – it always follows, as even in Spiritual World, where our mind directly affects the matter; the physical corresponding activities have the same empowering effect, they are very strong in spiritual realm when they happen in accordance to spiritual process. This is integrative view of philosophy and I wanted to describe that to show that you can look at all the self-help books, material or spiritual, noticing the same kind of practices; so it’s very important what you did learn from materialist books. Materialist, indeed, believes that those processes are mostly material or psychological – but there are the same underlying mathematical realities, processes of energy and interaction, existence of beings and objects, etc.

Now, with the materialist books, you see that you create demands for yourself, and you create the surroundings – let’s call this a *frequency* – and social spheres, which also repeat those very same demands. You want to wait for your success until you have met those demands.

Now – what if the demands are such that you *really don’t want to meet them*? You need to give up with spiritual pursuits, or you would not have all the psychological process, like being tired.

The realistic material activity is the one, which does not take an effort. You do not feel like you want to do something else – you feel like you want to do it more, and thus you feel ease and energy. If the process is such, it’s synchronized with what you really wants, and thus your mind takes you closer to success.

You need to base your reality on things you can do here and now, and slowly grow the bigger plans – in software development, this is called an *Agile process*; but it’s equally important in Zen Buddhist world, the case that you act in here and now.

You need to meditate through all the blocks:

- In which cases you think you don’t deserve, and thus you punish yourself. You are contracted with reality, which excepts this punishment.
- You connect with people, who do the reward and punishment, which is not in accordance with you.

So you need to give up those unrealistic goals, not to give in. You need to take your tiredness, spiritual pursuits, and things you need to do in addition to material success, as the true yourself, and you want this true yourself to thrive, not another, ideal yourself.

Maybe you constantly try to change yourself to have material success. But what is success? This is how much you pay yourself for your work, which demands you want to see in your friends – a big part of it is a social process, not the actual outcome of your work. In terms of actual outcome, in past you could easily survive working every day – now, we are much more efficient in terms of technology and knowledge, and the basic survival is really an effortless thing, if we don’t make up the troubles ourselves. In case your contribution is not maximum, you cannot be a part of thriving society – they take away, to give you motivation. But, in case you choose the right friends, they also have all those problems, or potential for such problems, and they agree that you need to live fully with all your spiritual pursuits and problems; they see you as a person, which you truly are.

I think this is called “living in here and now” by Buddhists; as you get older, you only have less energy, and in case you earned money more easily when you was younger – you probably spent it all. So, suddenly you might face the facts, which are really the proof of “living here and now” in your life; you face the absolute, certain failure of your life. In my life, I started to feel bad about the situation – my work, my girlfriend, my connections – and I moved away from them, then I struggled some 10 years. But now I’m happy, because I was really kind of independent, and while I did not success at all and achieved nothing, this nothing was achieved without too much help and support; without leaving behind people who are unhappy, because they helped me. Such people would be my bad Karma – but, when I move away and find new people, losing people like me might be their own bad Karma instead, if it’s bad Karma at all. I am creative person, able to produce material goods, and thus it’s obvious that when I have the right people and opportunities, and stable enough environment to support me when I’m old, the material outcomes are not so hard.

When you are at wrong frequencies, you can have a lot of willpower – but the reality, every time you get it to some alignment, will fall back into being the source of troubles. Others, too, are involved in moving directions of your will, and if they see themselves moving in directions they don’t believe in, they would change. When you are at the right frequency, your acts of willpower are supported by people, who move around in the waves of your will, or who get your conscious and subconscious signals, so they are happy about those directions and contribute into them – so you feel your will empowered, and they create a positive feedback cycle; now, it’s not only your, but also their Karma that they make you thrive, and also take their rightful part in reality made stronger by you – their will, as well, becomes empowered. So, when you are on wrong frequency, you have the bad Karma and you can accuse anybody, they are overly optimistic about themselves; but as you tune to right frequency, the Karma of you and the supportive Karma of people connected with you, those things get a lot better.

Many self-help books I’ve read consider that you do everything to tune into success based society.

This is a class, which measures your success directly by the positive goals you meet, like power, money or success in your material work, which brings money; also the titles, academic degrees, etc. As you get deeper, you give away a lot, and you have kind of negative energy – and, with the given environment, you are less happy, you always see some room for improvement. You might appear as revolutionary personality as well, pretending that masses of people are doing something completely wrong, as you see the Visions of the Better World; so you are negativistic. People protect their self-image very carefully and as they start moving forward, this creates inequality (many people hate the fast pace of the world, even if they don’t necessarily fall back by this – and by fast pace I mean the growing opportunity itself, not the success-based measure). So by these books, you dive into something charged with material positive values, and you are expected to contribute wholly, as you can, into this process – otherwise you are penalized, you don’t have even the simple things you would get done with the amount of your effort on the lonely island; maybe you don’t have a place. So you are demanded to put your effort into things you don’t believe, and so your real life is slowly progressing backwards. As I said, the real work is which you enjoy – the quality of being in good direction and bringing reward, this makes you enjoy your work (otherwise, maybe, you have another psychological problem).

**Meditation I did**

So I meditated on this topic.

I felt my life opportunities, social connections and work relations, which I might build, and I saw how they all contained some hard-to-meet demands; I meditated that instead of trying to change to meet those demands, I give those demands away and change myself into another class, perhaps lower, which can handle all the things without everybody or anybody meeting those demands. I would look more modest.

On the street I hide many problems people could solve – when I am poor, I should not specifically look poor with my previous class, because I bring this problem into the lives of others. I should bring only the riches, or what they expect from a common person. But I want to look more poor, so that people, who can solve my kind of poorness, can feel themselves needed, and thus achieve something in life; so that they would not be feared to show me similar problems. By this, I tune into what is more realistic to me, even if my previous class would give up with me immediately – but I see all the thing I have done for now is really giving up with them, so they are only helping me by

giving up; the real problem I see – as I get richer, they might want to come back, as now it’s more wise and more realistic for them; they won’t invest into my beginning, but they might start investing at a point, when I don’t need it any more. Positive people are kind of betrayers – they always hide when they want to end up with you, instead they do some conspiracy; and they start coming back exactly when you don’t need them, bringing a very positive attitude and sure signs that they would be with you a lifetime. You could feel that subconsciously you constantly need to prove them things, which you really don’t need to prove for a sane people – you cannot show weakness, as this could be used, or you would be left alone. So you are playing some games, which really do not resemble a decent society, but look more like running around with psychological axe like stone age people. Stone age people, later, they turned out to be very inefficient – but the psychological, financial, political realms, they do not appear directly on material sphere, but they appear very close and you can see in those realms, people are still running around with axes and killing each others to gain their goods. Sooner or later, there comes a psychological revolution, which might be

psychologically violent, even if we don’t easily need this violence on physical plane – but, when you use the terms metaphorically, you can describe the new revolution in very similar terms. Well, people are constantly evolving and probably you see these revolutions again and again, every time in more civilized manner and happening in less material, higher realms; people start to live ethical lives in those realms. With modern IT, the work could be shared properly and there would not be much competition in same areas of work; companies would not be enemies, but sharing the work properly, having information systems to make sure they don’t overly just do the same thing as others, but something new – when ideas and tasks are distributed nicely, leaving only a healthy amount of competition and supporting the ones, who fail it, the high values of capitalism would be kept, like getting all the money you deserve (in communism, you could not become rich – but why not, if you manage to really bring the outcomes), but you need to see that the social karma, shared by many people, is much more than your personal karma. In case you are only left with your personal karma – unless you tune into a different frequency, a different social and economic sphere, you might not be able to do much about this; you cannot have completely impossible karma.

So, to turn back – I changed my class signs through meditation, and I felt a fresh breath of air as opportunities seemed to start coming back; I felt a different emotion of culture and the environment.

I meditated to feel the blocks I get from people as they are demanding, which, somehow,

subconsciously felt like things I need to solve – but no, as these things are blocked by my real needs and abilities, I need to change the thing so that nobody expects this from me. I cannot so easily change the people, there are the limits somewhere, but I can change my choice of the people.

I meditated also about what I expect from myself, and these things also felt like impossible demands – as I was younger, I had more time and I could try, but now at age 40 I think I have progressed that far that I see it impossible to expect another big change before I start doing something.

To understand something so easy as realistic demands – it really took 10 years of struggle from me, and now I’m happy about those 10 years. By going straight further with what I got, I would not have been matured, but would live in dependency of other people, of my colleagues and my family, pretending to have a different personality than I have, smiling and laughing with them and showing bad signs to people, who do not belong, to not look laughable myself – I think I broke all those rules, but to really remain present there, I should have accepted them for now. So, with my current experience, I really see I cannot break in – so I have to break out; I have to attune myself with class,

with type of people, which really fit into my life, and they have to be socially responsible towards my weaknesses – thus, they have to have this weakness themselves; and for me, it’s a strong and practical weakness – I also want to live a spiritual life.

In my meditation, I also felt a touch of convincing feeling to become aligned my twin flame, to start resonating with another woman, because I changed all my expectations, and also the expectations about a family of a woman – indeed, if a woman is into their family, the family also need to like the weakness I have. Nothing should push me away from my weakness.

I’m talking only about the weakness, but there are many strengths – and if I’m not being too demanding, I have enough skills to do something useful day-to-day, and to resolve many things. Spiritually, I can do that as well – spiritual energy, as well, should form the karmic cycles, flowing through the circles where it grows, creating cycles of growth; and thus not trying to do the impossible and try to help everybody – there is something like business, mathematically, also in spiritual world; all the base mathematics apply. Even if you look the Left – you contribute into the basic causes of good life, and you do so generously, but eventually, you can see that money must create circles and come back to causes, people, and underlying causes of itself, ind to so preferably in empowered manner. This is very important to understand the left side of your business and energy flow and see that this is realistic; basically we just remove the lottery elements of life by developing a left side. The left side feels all the negative energies of society, how the people break and go down, or do not get an end together with an end – then it grows the responsibility to grow those things together seamlessly, and it helps also the people you don’t know; but for people, who waste your help, or do not bring it back to the source – even your left side, or your spiritual love, those things must see the balance of good and bad, not just flow unstoppably in all directions, helping everybody in every condition. This is why you must attune – you must attune to something, which finds it useful to help you when you are in need.

[**Tuning Into the Frequencies of Reality: Navigating the Intersection of Material and Spiritual Life**](Tuning%20into%20Material%20Reality/Tuning%20Into%20the%20Frequencies%20of%20Reality%20Navigating%20%201af75bfc1154800b800ce781dd73f6d4.md)