# Yin and Yang in Meditation

**Yin and Yang in Meditation**

**Four Truth Values**

I have four Truth values and I call this system Ponegation, the values are:

- Negotion – False, which you won’t do
- Negation – False, which you do
- Position – True, which you do
- Posetion – True, which you won’t do

So the True and False are not absolute positions, but both can be in appropriate place, or wrong place – so, as much as you look at two binary Truth Values, they do not conceive a Final Truth, but rather they are either in correct or wrong position.

About Life, you cannot think in terms of two values. For example, in Kundalini Awakening, there is a process called “Deep Night of the Soul” – it’s completely Negative, but yet it’s cleaning you and in dynamics of the Universe, it’s a necessary thing to do. You cannot say, thus, that it’s Negotive, but it’s Negative – if you go to a normal doctor, they might be completely confused about that, trying to sell you Naïvely Posetive values of life; a True, which is not about to happen. Naïveness is possessing Posetive values; and unadventurous minds possess non-Negative values.

The biggest mistake of classical logic is that Women are necessarily seen as bad – the Female qualities of the Universe are underestimated. Those are negative things, and that’s why they exist. Christ undertook his whole journey only because it’s Negative, and God created the material world, because it’s Negative – leaving philosophers puzzled, because really, why you should create the Material World if you could live in Eternal Bliss. But you could not, because it becomes Posetive.

Negative and Positive values are in constant rhythm, but the Future is better than the Past – this, you could also learn from Hermetics (I arrived this fact before I was reading the Hermetic book, but the book resonated with me – for author of Kybalion, anyway, the Truth was too much and he suggested to Hack this. You cannot Hack anything, the Truth will catch you sooner or later).

With those four Truth Values, one can also meditate on Tao – a case where, in the circle, in the Good always some Bad appears, and in the Bad, you always find some Good; for this, I also call it Taú Ponegation. I have made up many words in my own language, to be able to work with the four values instead of two, in my mind – and to grasp infinities and their essence. I describe some of it in my texts.

**Yang aspect of Meditation**

Yang aspect is about Truth, and this is the meditative process, which is about to give you the following:

- Absolute Protection
- Absolute Truth
- Absolute Sense of Meaningfulness
- Absolute Bliss and Love
- Absolute Harmony of All Things

This meditation, it’s the normal Zen. You approach the Silence of Mind, the Void – through numerous practices you can do this, and in my practice I concentrated on my breath every time a thought came to my mind, and again when I forgot it – once I was able to keep concentration on my breath, I stopped this as well. My mind was empty. Through practice, now, I started to experience deeper and deeper emptiness, for longer and longer periods of time. In this emptiness, great inspiration, love and knowledge comes. You are completely non-concentrated, thus you are concentrated on the Whole. This creates truly blissful experiences and gets you closer to Truth, over time, you become more and more Conscious, you get out from your limited senses.

**Yin aspect of Meditation**

The Yin aspect of Meditation, when you look it from Yang viewpoint, is completely meaningless, wrong, and Negative. This is why you do this! As I said, it’s Negative, but not Negotive.

I am a Buddhist, but I have seen that Truth is in breaking all the Rules. This does not mean doing crimes – because of the Rule of the Time, this meant doing crimes in the distant past; now we leave crimes to Police and the Military, and only pay our little amount. This means more subtle thing – the rules for enlightenment, where you should constantly keep higher and higher states, are not possible.

With feelings of guilt and meaninglessness, my high states constantly pass away; I see a *Practical Reason*, however wrong, to do a “sin”. I do not keep the heightened state, but I go through an *adventure* or *experience*, remembering that once it’s passed, I’m *more able* to keep this heightened state. I see it’s meaningless, but I see *some meaning* in it, even if I cannot express it anyhow. This is the Law of Negation – something meaningless comes to your way, and it does not let you go; if you try to avoid it, it becomes even stronger, until it becomes fatal. So we eat from the Tree of Good and Bad, and instead of living the harmonic way, we let ourselves to be hurt, to struggle, to go through negative experience. There is a blissful state in the beginning, where you cannot cope the negative –this is, before Eve eats from the Tree of Good and Bad. Then, as you become ready to handle it, the Earthly element will do it’s job and bring it to you. Through the *experience*, it learns, and your Negative Force becomes stronger – on the way, you have to avoid the consequence, so the Negative Force does not completely become True, but it *does it’s process*. It’s the process of *burning you*, until you are *healed*.

In Universe, we have not only God, but also Satan; we have not only Angels, but also the Evil Demons – the Structure of Reality itself, as it creates a positive thing, it creates another, negative thing to “fight it”. In the end, Satan is clever enough to not do it’s job – rather, he creates all the structures of experience, and plays you through it; as you look the past, you understand that this was important experience for you, and you feel the harmony inside. Over time, the Negative becomes more subtle, and we can see how people evolve – but the paradox, which creates the Negative, it does not go away; in new, higher forms, it comes back and takes away your Eternal Bliss. If you do not do it yourself, if you don’t willfully follow Mother Nature, then finally it’s Fatal. The negative impulse comes into your structure, and you cannot meditate it away – it’s more and more

dangerous, more and more willing to just do, whatever you want or wish. So, you have to go along with the Negative Force, with the Earthly, Material, yin aspect. You could remain in the Bliss – but

finally the Material World comes and does it’s job, it destroys all your great energies and leaves you into struggle; so, to avoid that, you have to do the negative process, you have to *experience* and go through the *adventure* – as Pagan religions teach you, you have to be a spiritual warrior.

This is the *yin aspect* of meditation:

- The bad feelings, low vibrations – as they come back and come back, finally I let them do, I go through all the thing, through all the past arguments, anger, and other things they tell you you must not do.
- The particular thoughts and feelings, concentrating on Single Concepts. In Absolute Perfection, you concentrate only on the whole – but for cryptic, unreasoned reason, something most similar to the word “*practical*” (and since then, I call “mistake” in my inner language “pract” – this is my word for a mistake, in my own language), you need to go through conceptions, through mathematical concepts, through particular aspects. Manyness, it’s yin, and it’s necessarily False – you feel this Falseness in higher states, and this falseness is *Absolutely True*; as this happens, you cannot reason anymore – the only reason left is that you do it, because it’s *Wrong*. So, the Negation, instead of Negotion, it gets a Value.

In this realm of meditation of particular concepts, I do the following exercises:

- I try different acts of will, and I let my meditative consciousness – gathered from the Void – enlighten these acts of will, and the future outcomes, which I feel.
- I work on Mathematics of Mind, to be able to better grasp the concepts and the dimensions.
- I meditate on low energies, and do not concentrate on the high. As they pass me, I become conscious of them.
- I also notice myself doing this, and I also pay my attention to the process itself, the things in mind, which noticed the things, and which carried me through this process. Infinitely, there is always something outside, which is doing.

Now, this is not doing – it’s not doing. To make the sentence very correct, I would say I’m not doing this, because it’s Wrong. This way, I make up something like a language – the word “not”, is a kind of positive word; so I could say that God did not create the World, because this was Wrong. This is another way to put negatives together in the sentence – you see that you really need all four forms in your language, to make sense of it. So, the Positive remains the same – you really do only positive affirmations, but you go through the process of Negation; you understand, that once you are ready with unreasonable, you finally reach the Positive, completed experience, which really takes effect in the World, not as a process, but as a finished thing.

This is a very strong aspect of all the Positive Truth – you cannot really follow that. The Negative, Material World is going to stop you, and it really gives you no reason, it does not have any Reason, or Truth; it’s simply and practically doing it’s thing. The reason for Material World, the

Manifestation, the Process, is not Truth; it’s rather that the Truth would not *exist* without this process – if there is only an Eternal Truth, it won’t exist; but this is impossible, because it’s Truth. So, the Negative starts to undo itself – it’s a really complex and clever process for it to just not do; it’s a complex process to just not be dirty, or not be sick – it’s not an absence of activity; activity itself is negative, it happens in the Material – once you are ready, you just relax and enjoy, you do not do activities, or at least that moment you won’t do them for a result – you move in the most

relaxed manner of your body, and even if it’s intense, it’s not an activity. This, relaxation and enjoyment, this is the Truth – but to achieve that, you go through *activity*, and this part is simply Wrong. And you do it, because it’s Wrong – you work to get money only, because Working is Wrong; it’s negative. It’s the material base process, not the truth. But as you give it attention, and it transcends to enlightened states, you start to enjoy the work, and you start to be calm and effortful, your aspect of passing the Negative becomes stronger.

But you can always see that you cannot really Reason the Negative; it simply comes into your life.

Into the life of Soldier or Policeman – also, it simply comes that they have to attack people, and they cannot really reason it, they cannot reach the ultimate cause and say that this whole process, from first cause to the end, is something Positive. They can blame others in Negative parts – but for some reason, the Material World has brought it into their lives. And if they do it wrong, they are really, absolutely guilty! But here, I speak more about the mental negative process, and how you see it from the point of Truth – you can study all the World and see that somehow, the Negative appears everywhere, and they just explain it with Mother Nature, not with some elegant, high principle or harmony. But you are mentally dead if you cannot find the harmony in this all – and this is complicated, because it’s not for doing, but it’s for not doing; even the fighting policeman or soldier, in case they are fighting on the right side – they are in the paradox that they are trying to do not fighting, in their calculation, what they are really doing is not fighting, policeman is working hard to not commit a crime, and a soldier is working to avoid commiting a war crime – as those crimes appear if they do not do this negative process. In your mind, it’s not see drastic, but it’s still quite dramatic for yourself, what’s happening; namely you want to be in Eternal bliss, but what you meet is a material world, which does not want to reason itself at all – it simply destroys your material bliss with fatal force, and absolute lack of any Meaning and Truth; you can feel it very strongly that you do not see any Truth when your Mind is being broken up, and all your High States are being Trashed. The Thing, which is doing this, is thus completely Negative, but we can see that in Higher Harmony of Yin and Yang, it must be expression of Truth itself – or, if it’s not expression of Truth, then Truth is not a complete thing, but a part of something bigger, twice bigger than itself.

So, to describe reality, I could not do but I had to split it into Four Truth Values – this way, I would not just talk nonsense, when I talk about these things, like positive qualities or things we need to achieve in life; this is also why I criticize Positive People – they are really just saying “yes”, and this is not enough. When you are only saying “yes”, you do not meet any obstacle in terms of Logic, it really “should be” just Good and that’s it, but you are reaching something stronger – you are reaching the reality itself, which becomes more and more determined to break you, and as more you are remaining on your true position, as more negative forces you meet being there only to destroy you. You find this principle everywhere, in life, every practical force is coming to you with plain nonsense and simply having all the rights to execute this – they might be wrong, and they could even have bad karma, and you might win in the end, but if you don’t take this process seriously and don’t make it a part of you – one day it will destroy yourself despite all that.

So in Meditation, you have to walk all kinds of paths, which meditation *is not* – and therefore, in my meditation there is a *work with particulars*, which feels really *wrong*, and I really *hope to get this job done and move to eternal bliss in the end*. But I know that then, in more subtle ways, the Principle of Matter comes back – it’s not something, what would eventually die out and finish it’s activity; but it’s something, which gradually grows higher and when the *experience* is gathered, the new forms and frequencies of Negative Forces are much higher.

**Negative Energy**

In your Body of Truth, or Body of Bliss, cracks and holes appear. You concentrate on energy, which is a living thing in you, paying attention to it. But this lack of energy, which is the yin counterpart, is also doing it’s thing – it’s also having the mathematical shape, and it senses itself in complex world of causes and effects. It’s far from thinking that it has to do it’s thing, the way of operation of this force is *not positive* – but it cannot simply deny it’s existence; to *skillfully create it’s non-existence*, it has to go through cryptic processes, it has to guide you through experience, adventure, a journey – and you have to be willing to take it, because free will counts a lot; your free will makes it so that you earned it yourself – if it goes against your will, it still does it’s job, but it would not give the reward to you, it gives the reward to others; and, it leaves you broken – it’s really hard to get fixed again.

It’s not hard to find those negative things – your mind is full of them, and they always come back and want to do their thing; if you kill them directly, following the direct Reason, they appear somewhere deeply hidden, and do the same thing to you very secretly.

It’s a cramp – as more as you avoid one negative energy in your mind, as more strongly it’s all the time *starting* to do it’s thing, like creating a sudden bad emotion in your face when you are trying to say something positive; and you see no good reason for such a face. When you suppress it more, it gets even more powerful, and finally just tries to do it’s thing in the worst moments, with the worst possible consequences – and, when you manage to block even that, it becomes simply fatal and suddenly does something really evil to you, with unstoppable force. But when you take it as a being, which is “good inside”, following the causes and effects, which eventually work based on the Law of Karma – it becomes a tricky demon, it’s nature becomes enlightened, and it just annoys you in more or less innocent ways, maybe shining some bad light on you, but this all becomes an energy later – maybe showing you a false friend or that you are so close to being betrayed that it’s simply a lie to think you are treated good; then it enforces you to go away from a place, where you did put your positive hope. So, rather, the negative energies can be so suppressed that they lose the hope and become evil – but when you give them the energy of attention and meditation, and let them live more or less free, always doing some negative things and tricking you into negative thoughts and little bit insulting or offensive actions, maybe, or something similar – finally your negative pattern becomes *matured*, and those energies find their right place in a way that you don’t contain extreme or false positivity – which makes the people go all the way, until they finally fail. The Negotive tends to fail in the beginning; but the Posetive rather fails in the very end – where you put together the ends and see you did not have enough resource, that you overestimated yourself and/or others.

For example, good people learn in life to do bad things. Leftist people learn to do rightist thing – but when the Right is doing it’s negative, material thing quite skillfully to be ethical at least up to a degree, a businessman considers many factors and does not just take your money; in leftist, who did not believe in right – they take your money subconsciously, without paying attention, and they do this in perverse ways; who has been all their life a Naïve Leftist person, starts doing these evil things as they get older. They did not pay their attention to this negative aspects of Money, that it also goes away, not only comes in, and thus, they cannot get against this force any more – but they do not also know the ethics.

Even in spiritual realm, the Laws of Money exist, the same way like the Laws of Ethics exist in the material world.

In the negative, lack of meaning, lack of truth – you have to concentrate your attention. All those things are real, and they have Laws of Causes and Effects, thus they can become Conscious. They can not directly non-be, so non-being is rather a tricky process, where they appear as your personal devils, constantly annoying and undoing you, putting your mind and mathematics to test – but you can see, a nature of a demon is not entirely bad, but it’s born to make you experienced; enlightened demon would know that – unenlightened demon, indeed, does not understand that. This was a kind of enlightenment for me to understand that. It’s the Perfect Nature, and to really meet the Harmony of it, and to really learn to experience that, from Heavens to Earths to the Hells, you need to understand that the Truth has never been strong enough to destroy this essence – it always works to overcome the Negative, but it cannot do anything against the principle of Negativity itself; so it’s not a complete thing explaining you everything, if it’s not in Relationship, a Marriage, with this Wrong.

The Positive Demons, I sometimes call them Cherubs – mythologically, different beings are called Cherubs, but in Estonian this word is similar to rotate, and in my Mind I have complete different language with some associations; so I imagine Cherubs rotating in the negative corners of the Universe and generating negative energy. So I use one Positive word from other religions for my rather Negative idea :) But the meaning is not *too* different, because I imagine those creators of Negative Energy as one of the more fundamental beings, and this is already the level, where God operates. This word somehow started to sound and vibrate with the conception which basically is, that negative people in my life had later often got some deeper meaning for me, and even showed me that this daily theater, in deeper states, they feel as a game to teach me – meaning, some negative energy they generate as they work in offices.

**The Posetion and Negotion**

These are the extreme forces – you do not do so much Negative that it would actually *do*, you do it in such degrees that it rather *undoes*, often you go through those energies only in your mind – once you start to manifest physically, you have already overcome your anger and transcended it to something Higher; it’s still a Negative Force, but now with round corners, and with the ethical solutions you found when experiencing this.

The extreme values are even more delicate. What you need to do is to go through those values in potential fields of your mind and physics itself – kind of vibrate those potentials. So you do not keep the full protection, because this way the values remain empty. As you let those values appear in the Field of Reality, they would Die there, the physics would Disprove them – and then, instead of being in constant danger, you get the Shield of Truth around you; the physics, once it has avoided all of them itself, really becomes strong to avoid them, and it understands you as well – why you had limitations to your solutions. So, through this vibration, it becomes a stable Physical Law that those extremes would not happen.

I call this process Sine to go through Negative, and vibrate the Negotive, which finally transcends the values and becomes something enjoyable; the Negative is not a precise word about them any more – as you have gone through the Process of Experience, the Law of Time comes into play – namely, that Yin exists in the Past, not in the Future; if the Future is Now, you are better off.

I call this process Cosine to go through Posetive, to vibrate those values – this creates the value more particular, why you cannot do your unrealistic goals, and it also brings the Future closer,

where those goals are not unrealistic. Remember, those are good things, but you cannot do them at once, and this is the only reason to avoid them; also you cannot expect everybody to reach all the good things – you have to give up in some people, and make your plans considering that they won’t do all this good you asked them to do. So you have to have the posetive value, not negative – so that you know that you still want these values. In binary logic, you would replace them with False, with Negative, and then you lose connection with their True Value.

You can not revenge posetive with negotive; you can not easily just give up a friend, who is too posetive, nor attack a person, who is smiling too much, or take money away from a person, who is giving you more than they can afford. Laws of Karma, as well, they do not work in Negotive ways for Posetive people – the people, who simply go for too much success, are not made poor, but they are made too rich. They are not “punished” by cold, but by hot – they are burned through, with an energy of Fire, so that when they get everything too much, they finally burn. Thus, they can appear rich and powerful, living in a dream – but, then, something seems to be missing, or in the end, there will be a great revolution as they have depleted their resources and their promises turn out to be lies. If you make a Negotive in return for Posetive – you seem not to be reasoned, and it can be illegal; for example, if another country sends your country more money than it can afford, in investments, and your foolish people take it – you can rather let those companies go into bankruptcy, than try to move this money to a better place or take it away or even send it back; otherwise, all your actions appear as unjustified – they are doing nothing wrong, they are doing it just more right than it’s affordable.

The Position, or the interplay of Position and Negation – often you cannot see those directly, when you think fast you rather incorporate Position and Negation into one concept you feel as Position – I call Cone. It’s mathematical shape is much like Cone. The fluent interplay of all values, then, I would call hypercone.

Do not forget that you won’t learn to feel the Negative as Positive – the brokenness,

meaninglesness, emptiness of those values remains, because it’s the very essence of them. The question remains as unanswered, why God created the Material World – but in this answer, you can meet the Harmony, the Balance of Natural Forces, which opens you up to this Metaphysical Truth, the Truth of becoming more *experienced*, *tougher*, and *more realistic*. You also become *more skeptical*, and your thinking goes into alignation with *Sciences –* you understand that the very meaning of the *Natural Sciences* is to break the harmony, to study the brokenness of harmony, and it always comes up with solutions, which do not fit into your *Higher Truth*; it’s the nature of Spiritual Sciences to follow it – but always, you find the God fallen (the Life of Christ), the Angels Fallen, the Humans fallen (the Tree of Good and Bad), and the Demons, indeed, representing a Fall itself – the case that the Nature, in it’s completeness, is Fallen to a high degree. The

*meaninglessness* of these events, states of mind, experiences and thoughts – you can see that once you gather the *experience*, they find their place in harmony and order, and maybe you even see the place of the unimaginably bad things – I do not want to fall into this, but you might agree that finally the *Nature* has the *Experience*, and you can be happy that the Future is better than the Past, even if there are some struggles indefinitely – even the slightest Negative Force, sometimes it gains power and, when humans have turned themselves immortal and unbeatable – another force would destroy many humans, causing the evolutionary process, once they have passed the extremum of Yang (you can read about this in I Ching, how things become yin as yang goes over the extreme – once the Truth is unbreakable, it suddenly falls apart and is replaced by Chaos). For the Negative,

there is no single solution, but there are many experiences – finally, you get truly stronger, you start to see things in the right places, and you have overcome the experience. One day, maybe, humans would not have wars nor kill animals to eat; one day, as Christ said, even the animals would not kill animals, and so on – but we can be sure that something bad would happen even in these days, and sometimes the Negative Force just wants to be and really makes their beautiful worlds to fall apart, for one long experience – but, in Time and Space, these events are so small that you would still consider the overall picture being True, the Truth really having won in the end, the Good having passed the tests and trials of Evolution, and the Bad being beaten. But as you live there – subtle problems might make you as broken as you feel today, and only slowly comes the Iron into your Heart to watch this all calmly, like a Boddhisattva – but even the Mental Strength, it’s a yang aspect, and thus, sometimes it breaks down and you are again mentally weak, and you go through the Struggle. The Good and Evil, they are not truly Good and Evil – a Buddhist Wisdom –, but they won’t go away – a Christian Wisdom. If you hope something different – you are probably quite unrealistic.

**Definition of Meditation**

Yang: To Silent the Mind and thus become Conscious.

Yin: To explore the unknown, and open up the dimensions of your Body and Mind, to become conscious of all your particular experiences, and to explore many solutions. The Consciousness element is gathered from Yang, from Emptiness, and brought to enlighten the Myriad of Perceptions.

The Yang is one, single perception of the All, one Unified Consciousness; whereas in Yin there exists Many – it’s the Myriad of Mental Events, and you need to enlighten them one by one, by which they themselves become conscious.

Yang meditation feels like a final truth, whereas Yin feels like a wrong thing to do, it feels like a work you have to finish in time, to Return to the Source. But remember that you are Fallen, and Fall itself – it’s Absolutely Wrong, and this is Why it Happened. It exists only as a principle of Manifestation, Principle of Space and Time – the Fall, really, is not a part of Final Truth; but then, as the Mind and Matter exist – also there must be an Eternal Truth connecting those two; thus, it’s in the paradox state of Being True Because it’s False.

So you can express the Positive Mentality freely, and all it’s goals – but you must see that to have Four Truth Values, you go through many Falls, from the smallest to yourself to the biggest scales, and you never get rid of the pain unless you understand Dukkha – that the Fall, definitely, is there and you can not avoid or overcome that, you must learn something deeper, which allows you to cope with it and enjoy the life.

[**The Dance of Positivity and Negativity: Exploring Energy, Balance, and the Nature of Existence**](Yin%20and%20Yang%20in%20Meditation/The%20Dance%20of%20Positivity%20and%20Negativity%20Exploring%20E%201af75bfc115480e8b878e31b47aea721.md)

[**The Art of Meditation: Balancing Attention in the Mind – A Zen Perspective on Problem-Solving**](Yin%20and%20Yang%20in%20Meditation/The%20Art%20of%20Meditation%20Balancing%20Attention%20in%20the%20M%201af75bfc11548004897ace773b42284c.md)